














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Saturday, July 31, 2021 *****


**** Evidence based letter of recommendation for a person's competence in
clinical medicine for various future options including graduate residency
programs ****
The pandemic has been a boon to evidence based medical education as it has
finally compelled every stakeholder to engage in an unprecedented manner that
makes for online archival of their learning activities, which serve as valuable
material for audit and assessment. 

There is a continuous demand for letter of recommendations from many of our
students in their academic pursuits toward greener pastures and in the current
standard letter of recommendation described as a template here : http://
medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/04/?m=0 ,one can easily notice that there
are many areas in the document, which are faith and trust based rather than on
data driven evidence. 

It often happens that most program directors don't pay much attention to these
knowing well that they are simply fabricated as a template with no department
head seriously remembering any of their past thousand or so  students when they
revert for the letter of recommendation. This problem can be resolved if the
department heads had easy access to some of the original work of their students
to refresh their memory? 

We have been working on an evidence based online accessible portfolio for each
of the 150 UG (MBBS, BDS) and 10 PG (MD General Medicine) students graduating
in medicine from our department every year (our department is among others in
the undergraduate medical course that also involves surgery, gynecology,
pathology, anatomy etc) and we have made a beginning by encouraging the
students of each batch to maintain an open access E log book that documents
their real patient centered learning experiences in verbal reports and non
verbal presentations or procedural videos to evaluate and archive their
competencies in patient care as well as theory driven conceptualizations and
peer review competencies evidenced in their monthly summative assessments also
accessible in their E logged online learning portfolios that are displayed for
each batch entry year wise here :

MBBS 

2015: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/03/learning-
competencies-of-intern-2015.html?m=1

2016: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/03/final-internal-
assessment-of-batch-2016.html?m=1

https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/10/2016-mbbs-batch-overall-
formative-and.html?m=1

2017: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/06/bimonthly-
formative-and-summative_19.html?m=1

2018: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/10/2018-mbbs-batch-
formative-and-summative.html

2019: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/07/bimonthly-
formative-and-summative.html?m=1

MD General Medicine :

2018: https://2018-21batchpgy3gmpracticals.blogspot.com/2021/08/pg-final-year-
2k18-21-batchuniversity.html?m=1


2019: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/07/department-of-
general-medicine_84.html?m=1

2020: https://generalmedicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/07/department-of-
general-medicine_5.html?m=1

BDS:

2017: https://bdsgmpracticals.blogspot.com/2021/09/bds-gm-university-practical-
exams.html?m=1

2018: https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/09/2018-bds-batch-internal-
assessment-from.html?m=1

Elective students :

medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/03/medicine-department-training-
programs.html?m=0

Now if any of the students from the above logged batches (with 150 in each
batch) asks for a recommendation it will proceed in an evidence based manner as
follows:

Dear Program Director,

    I am pleased to write a letter of reference for Ms/Mr. _________ in her/his
application for residency. 

I currently look after the Department of General Medicine at xyz Institute of
Medical Sciences and other than a graduate residency training and undergraduate
program, we also host a global elective learning program supported nominally by
the BMJ group detailed here: https://casereports.bmj.com/pages/bmj-case-
reports-student-electives/ and here: https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/
2021/04/medicine-department-patient-centered.html?m=1

Our department has known ______ since her second year General Medicine
rotations, and she has interacted with us ever since in her group of 30 and
most of her verbal and non verbal interactions can be accessed here :
http://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/07/learning-competencies-of-intern-
2016.html?m=1with comparable performances of her group members where her
performance in our personal assessment ranks at the top 25% of her batch but
the link contains all the evidence if one needs to verify and compare for
oneself. The final university viva exam that s/he participated in with her
entire batch of 150 is archived and available open access here : https://
mbbs2k16batchgmpracticals.blogspot.com/2021/05/2k16-batch-gm-university-
practical.html


She also attended various academic sessions and actively participated in daily
rounds. One such 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM regular ward round with students like her
is archived here: https://youtu.be/ls-h6vdW4XU and presentations in the 2:00 PM
to 4:00 PM sessions archived here: https://www.youtube.com/
playlist?list=PLvOgc9_v4PCKsIrVK4laA3_rUJOMPAYKJ

Our department can strongly attest to most of our students abilities as we’ve
had the opportunity to oversee them in both the In-patient and Out-patient
setting and work with them during internship. 

We wish him/her well in a new learning journey perhaps in your own
institutional program. 

FAQs and conversational learning on above:

The sample above was shared globally and following are the questions and
conversations that ensued that are presented here after deidentifying :

Input 1:

1. What is the role of formative assessment versus summative assessment in the
overall grading of a student?

"In our department we value the role of formative assessment as it shapes both
the candidate's learning as in many ways ours is  assessment for learning
rather than assessment of learning.

Having said that we probably fall back on the default setting aka formal
university evaluation for most of our official needs where the value of
summative is pegged at maximum although as far as the practical exams are
concerned it is the formative assessment that gives the head internal examiner
(who generally coordinates the summative practical evaluation on the day of the
exams), a formative bias that can lift a sinking student on the basis of
regular past performances or downsize the game of a lucky one day player who
may otherwise take away all the laurels from other better regular students
based just on her single day performance. 


2. Which variant of Bloom’s/Anderson’s Learning Taxonomy is followed in
defining the Learning Outcomes/Objectives of your students? Can I see a sample
of these?

Thanks for this very stimulating question. Would like to point here to one of
my past lectures on this topic archived here: https://sites.pitt.edu/~super1/
lecture/lec54091/001.htm,
where we have made a case for approaching learning from Bloom level 3 and
integrating other levels in the candidate's problem based learning journey. 

3. Evaluation matrix used? Can I see a sample?

Yes I realized that the evidence presented here in the LOR for assessment of
the candidate is akin to spreading out all the ingredients for cooking and
asking the program director to DIY cook and savor it but may not be feasible
for anyone to find the time to do that DIY and we may have to fall back on some
evaluation matrix as you hinted. 

We do plan to add more dimensions to the students online learning portfolio as
you suggested and hope it becomes a life long learning portfolio for them and
they continue to use it to publish and share their work open access even as
they become teachers.

As earlier mentioned, we probably fall back on the default setting aka formal
university evaluation for most of our needs and we may believe the formal
curriculum isn't currently what we desire for our students or patients and our
formative assessment is an attempt to improve on the status quo. 

4. Whether all evaluation matrices used are shared at the beginning of each
course? 

As this is an evolving strategy for the subsequent batches we do share, while
for the earliest batches we may not have been able to make it as clear. 

5. What is the extent of objective and subjective indicators of quality of
performance of students in practical tasks?

Very good question. 

Will provide a few samples in student  links below :

Subjective student reported :

https://chitrasrinivas.blogspot.com/2021/07/non-verbal-competancy.html?m=1

Subjective assessment of body language (level of confidence etc) through video
links: https://youtu.be/t21gVeCrTKE

Objective peer review assessment by the first student whose work is linked
above:

https://chitrasrinivas.blogspot.com/2021/07/june-2020-internship-
completion.html?m=1

We address all the above issues further in our recent book chapter available
full text here : http://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/06/draft-3a-
scholarship-of-integration-and.html?m=0


Input 2:


The effort to make assessments mire objective is commendable. I can speak
primarily to the US experience. My only comment would be that program directors
in the US do not have the time to click through all the links and view the
assessments. It would be helpful to have a “summary” of the students
achievements-i.e. the highlights of the student’s strengths as assessed by the
faculty. Specific links to cases/oral presentations can then be used to present
evidence of these strengths.

As written currently, the letter is providing links to X or Y and asking the US
program director to make an assessment by themselves without providing any
information on what the med school faculty/director’s thought about the
student’s skills

Sometimes, cultural barriers can affect the assessments when a US prigram
directos views the student’s performance and tries to make an independent
assessment

For instance, in India, our presentations are relatively deferential to the
faculty and we do not raise our voices above a certain decibel when in front of
senior doctors. It is quite the opposite in the US (especially in places like
NYC-where a lot of Indian graduates train). They may interpret “deferntial” as
“not confident” and further interpret “not confident” as “inadequate
knowledge.”


Input 3:

 I like the links etc that would help  the program directors in writing  a
comprehensive letter of recommendation . Great job in getting all in one place
.
When I see the letter on this side I want to see why  this candidate wants to
come to my institution and what would she be bringing that will add value and
how is she different from the other candidates that are applying . 
Knowing what she has presented/ read is good but I feel that the actual letter
that goes out should not have any links attached . 
It could end with “ feel free to call me with any further questions.” 
Let me run this by our residents directors and other who interview candidates
. 

Input 4:

Looks authentic and convincing, detailing the curricular achievements of the
person getting the recommendation. 
I like the first part where the recommender is detailing his qualifications and
his  involvement, which gives the reader a sense of reassurance and honesty
from the writer.
A good letter overall 
 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 10:48 PM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _▼ _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _▼ _ July (6)
                # Evidence_based_letter_of_recommendation_for_a_pers...
                # Learning_competencies_of_Intern_2016_MBBS_batch_(J...
                # Rational_minimalism_and_parachute_interventions
                # Medicine_paper_for_July_2021_bimonthly_blended_ass...
                # 2019_batch_Medicine_department_online_formative_an...
                # Scholarship_of_integration_in_Medical_education_an...
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

