














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Monday, April 12, 2021 *****


**** Empathic narrative in inflammatory bowel disease ****
In our bid toward scholarly integration of Medical education and research we
thought the best approach would be to put the patient at the center of Medical
education and research considering that the patient is the primary beneficiary
of Medical education. 

Below is a narrative from an Indian patient of inflammatory bowel disease who
has shared his trials and tribulations with the Indian healthcare system along
with how he managed to overcome it by working closely with his healthcare
professionals as well as integrating it with other alternative strategies. 

"I spent first 10 years of my life absolutely healthy. Started becoming sick
after that. Saw few local doctors both allopathy/homeopathy, they said
everything was fine, but I wasn't improving. Later met one of the leading
gastroenterologist at ABCD Institute of Gastroenterology who diagnosed me as
having TB in March 2001 and put on Anti Tuberculosis Treatment for 3 years that
ended in march 2004.

After 3 years of pain and suffering, I went from bad to worse. The doctor said
' why did you come again, your treatment is over'.  I asked doctor the reason
for not recovering he said ' it might not be TB, it might be some other
disease, get admitted we will evaluate again'.

I could not digest those words, I was seeing him every fifteen days for 3 years
with all the tests and reports.

2004 and early 2005 were the the darkest days of my life. With no proper
diagnosis and treatment, I was going nowhere. Every day was a challenge. I
cloud barely drink a glass of fruit juice. No question of taking solid food.
Just a bit of solid food in my mouth, it used to cause intense burning. If I
managed to forcefully swallow some food, I used to vomit immediately. I was
weighing 30kg, just skin and bones. Everyone lost hope, I was not knowing what
went wrong and on top of that, everyone who came to see me used to say " your
parents and doctors are putting all the efforts to make you healthy, but you
don't seem to put any kind of effort or show any intension to get better. Looks
like you are enjoying being sick and you want to remain sick".

They were giving me all kinds of suggestions ' why don't you eat, why don't you
get up from the bed etc etc. I felt inside ' if these people, even for a
minute, go through, the kind of pain I'm bearing for years and, manage to live
for a couple of days, I would listen to their suggestion.

Suicidal thoughts were coming, I decided to end my life, luckily my mother came
to my rescue and told me ' if you want to die, you should not die alone, I will
also end my life along with you ' she said live and fight. That day I promised
her, come what way, I'm not going to give up.

I saw few more Gastroenterologists, Surgeons etc, nothing worked. I knew my
parents were crying everyday. Pouring lakhs and lakhs of rupees. Meeting
doctors, hoping to find a solution. I wanted to get well, become healthy and
show the world that I'm not enjoying my ill health. But i was helpless, With no
hope in sight, I thought ending my life would put an end to all my problems and
the problems my family is going through because of me. Deep inside me I felt my
family would have lived happily and luxuriously if I wasn't born. 

Even with all things happening in the background I passed my CBSE 10th exams. 

Later I met *Dr. S at EFGH hospitals Hyderabad. 

He gave me rebirth I should say*. He asked my parents to stay outside his
consultation room and asked me to speak my heart out. He listened to me
patiently for an hour. He looked into all of my reports which ran over few
hundreds of pages. Not ignoring a single report. He made a diagnosis of Crohns,
told me it does not have cure and I have to learn living with it for the rest
of my life. 

I cried for years together, not  even a single night passed, without seeing my
tears. Somehow i accepted the fact that I have to start living with an
incurable disease. I started responding to treatment. I never imaged I would
join college for intermediate. I wanted to study at home and take Inter exams.
But gathered courage and took admission at an intermediate college in
Hyderabad. Got state 8th in my inter. 

I did well for 2 years under treatment of Dr. S. I finished my Inter in 2007. I
decided to join Pharm.D as I was determined to work in health care and not fit
enough to do MBBS. 

Dr. S got an opportunity to work in USA, he left, referred me to his colleague.
Initially I did well under his colleague, later my condition got worse. He
advised me to undergo an surgery, I agreed to get it done, I gave my EAMCET
exam and immediately got admitted the next day. As they were doing pre surgery
examination, few tests etc, one person told me that Dr. S was back in
Hyderabad. I cancelled my surgery and met him at IJKL Hospitals, Jubilee Hills.
He evaluated me, said he will try to manage with medication and if that does
not work, he told I have no other option but undergo surgery. He put me on inj.
Infliximab, each dose of it costed 80,000rs. It has to be administered in ICU
under supervision. 

At that time, Dr. R sir was the ICU head. (Later i went on to do Pharm D at Sri
Venkateshwara College of Pharmacy which had an MOU with IJKL Hospitals, Jubilee
Hills, where I was undergoing treatment, I did my 6 months Internal Medicine
under Dr. R sir in 2014)*. I used infliximab for 5 doses, my immunity went
down, chicken pox virus, which remains dormant within us, became active again
and I developed varicella zoster infection, one of the most painful infection
to deal with.

Later Dr. S moved to Orissa. I was continuing to take meds on my own. As the
time passed (2013, i was doing clerkship), disease progressed, earlier it was
just Crohns, now it is Crohns plus its complications. I developed a similar
complication a decade back (2003) for which i used Ayurveda and it worked. I
went back to same Ayurveda doctor, he started me on a very strict Regimen with
lot of diet restrictions. All I eat was rice cooked with dal without oil, salt
With this Regimen, I developed Hemolytic Jaundice, Hb deceased, serum bilirubun
and liver enzymes increased.

As S sir was not at Hyderabad and moved to Orissa, I met few more
gastroenterologists in Hyderabad, nothing worked. I tracked Dr. S, went to
Orissa, met him, his magic touch made me recover. This all happened during my
5th year Pharm. D. I was really excited to start my internship, but with all
these things happening I was not sure if I would start internship. Luckily
after meeting Dr. S at orissa, I recovered and started my internship. In 6
years of Pharm D I got almost 3 to 4 relapses every year. 2nd year was the only
time I took Pharm D in healthy condition. Other 5 years I took exams when I had
a relapse.

I Started my internship in 2013, did first 6 months well, again got a relapse.
All my hopes of doing Internal Medicine Internship under Dr. R sir crashed. I
Got admitted under Dr. R recovered, finished internship under him. 

With all the health issues bothering me, my only objective was to finish Pharm
D on time (which I did), get a job, make some money, take care of my own
expenses and not depend on parents. As I enjoyed teaching ( Even when I was a
student, I was teaching my juniors right from 1st year to 5th year, almost all
the subjects of Pharm D and specifically *Organic Chemistry*, some times I
skipped writing my internals to train students preparing for supplementary
exams), I joined as faculty of Pharm D, two months after I joined I got one
more relapse, had to undergo couple of surgeries.

I wrote a mail to Dr. S, he referred me to his HOD, Dr. , working at MNOP
Hospital, Chennai. I'm currently undergoing treatment under him.

I had the fortune of working with few of the best doctors as a part of my
clerkship and internship. They had a huge amount of influence on me, standing
next to them felt great, I used to get goose bumps when patients used to keep
Namaskaram to them with gratitude after their loved ones recovered from serious
conditions.

Even after I joined as faculty, I used to meet them frequently and spend some
time with them. Every time I met, they used to say 'You are capable of doing so
many things, why to do limit yourself'. I used to respond 'I'm happy doing
whatever I am doing, why should I do more and even if I want to do more, my
health will not support me.'

Slowly I felt, how long will I cite my disease as an excuse and stop doing
things that I'm capable of doing, which has potential to inspire and guide many
students who were looking for guidance.

I thought what's the point of having capability, without it being useful. I
identified my health as my biggest limitation and decided to break that
limitation. I felt without becoming healthy, there is no point sittings at home
and dreaming about things which I was capable of doing. I tried Allopathy,
Ayurveda, Naturopathy, etc. They helped me to some extent, they helped to be
alive, but not helped me to the extent I wanted. Then I thought let me try
YOGA. On the suggestion of my aunt who is fighting Ulcerative Colitis, I
enrolled for a yoga program, Inner Engineering, in 2016, offered by (...).
Right from day 1, it had a profound impact on me. I came across many dimensions
of life, which I was unaware of or ignored. I realized how foolish I was as I
denied my aunts request to do Inner Engineering in 2012.

Prior to 2016 I was experiencing a minimum of 3 to 4 relapses every year, but
after doing Inner Engineering, from 2016 to till date, I have got only one
relapse. My colonoscopy looks lot better, Infact it's the best in all the
colonoscopies done over last 20 years.

Earlier I used to say Crohns is my best friend and it has no intention to leave
me as long as I am alive, but now I feel, there is a solution, I can get rid of
Crohns if I'm really committed. My Health improved, I started doing workshops
at my home every Sunday with 8 students, I did those workshops at my home for 2
years, attended by over 1500 students. I realized the Inspiration after
listening to workshops lasts for only few days (our half life is too short), so
I started doing 2 month modules with classes every Sunday. 

Earlier I never moved out of Hyderabad, even if I moved out of my home, I used
to carry water bottle and lunch to avoid outside food and water. As my health
started improving and the feedbacks I got from students showing the impact my
workshops are making, I thought of taking them to more students. I decided to
go to colleges and do workshops. I did workshops in around 75 college so far.
*My target is to do workshops in every college that offers Pharm D program in
India*.

I was facing resistance from my college in doing the workshops and modules. I
left my job and decided to start working independently. I thought of reaching
students of those college too and giving them a glimpse of what I have to
offer, I felt organizing conferences will be the best way, stared organizing
conferences. So far i organized 5 international, 13 are national conferences.
Most recent conference was at JNTU kukatpally Hyderabad attended by over 1000
delegates from over 100 colleges, ie close to 40% of all Pharm D college across
India.

I did not wanted to leave those who could not attend my workshops or modules or
conferences, I wanted to reach them too, so I started whatsapp groups in 2014.
That group has now become one of the biggest group with over *6000 students and
professionals of Pharm D from over 230 colleges of Pharm D, 100 hospitals and
close to 100 organizations where Pharm D graduates are working*. We have 16
groups for girls and 7 for boys."
 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 2:26 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _▼ _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _▼ _ April (6)
                # LOR_from_Medicine_department
                # Medicine_department_"patient_centered_learning"_el...
                # Medicine_department_protocol_for_Virtual_MBBS_univ...
                # Second_draft_of_SINGLE_CASE_STUDY_SEEDS_in_NEURODE...
                # Medicine_paper_for_April_2021_bimonthly_blended_as...
                # Empathic_narrative_in_inflammatory_bowel_disease
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

