
















Skip_to_main_content
____
****** Medicine_Blog ******

****  41y old man with altered sensoriuM ****

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

 _March_23,_2021_
This is an online E log book to discuss our patient's de-identified health data
shared after taking his/her/guardian's signed informed consent. 




Here we discuss our individual patient's problems through series of inputs from
available global online community of experts with an aim to solve those
patient's clinical problems with collective current best evidence based
inputs. 




This E log book also reflects my patient-centered online learning portfolio and
your valuable inputs on the comment box is welcome.


Here is a case i have seen :


 A 41yr old man  who is a farmer came with complaints of pain abdomen and
vomitings since one day

Patient was apparently alright 2 days back later he had pain abdomen following
an acute binge of alcohol(750ml of local liquor) in epigastric region, colicky
type,non progressive, non radiating,Which got relieved on taking food

He had vomitings-2 episodes, non bilious,non projectile,contents being food
particles

No H/o fever, loose stools, melena, abdominal distension, constipation, burning
micturition, head trauma

PAST HISTORY:laprotomy done 10 yrs back for peptic ulcer perforation

Not a k/c/o HTN, DM, CAD, epilepsy,CKD

HABITS: He was on mixed diet, normal appetite, bowel n bladder regular

Chronic alocholic since 10-12 yrs-initially 350ml per day later 750ml local
liquor every day

Toddy intake 1-2 bottles if liquor not available

Chronic smoker since 10 yrs Beedis—1pack/day

Cravings for alochol and tobacco chewing present

GENERAL EXAMINATION:

Pt is conscious, irritable and confused(GCS-13/15) moderately built and
nourished

No Pallor,icterus, cyanosis, clubbing, lymphedenopathy, pedal edema

VITALS: febrile-100 degree celsius

                BP: 160/100mm hg

                Pulse:80bpm

                RR-28cpm

PER ABDOMEN- shape of abdomen-scaphoid 

CVS-s1 s2 heard, no murmurs

RS- BAE clear, no added sounds

CNS- pt is agitated and confused and was restrained 

        Not co operative so could not perform cns examination and MMSE

TREATMENT:

1 NBM till further orders

2 IV fluids

3 INJ PANTOP 40mg OD

4 INJ TRAMADOL 1 amp in 100ml NS BD

5 INJ THIAMINE 1 amp in 100ml NS TID 

6 INJ LOREZEPAM 4mg slow IV /6th hrly

[https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-IMlkd1FHNg0/YFoeX9jfq7I/AAAAAAAAoyo/
8lCf3OURf7wvzD_PNr0fZjK-KxaEXJWfgCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/F45FF19D-780A-404A-B16D-
FDDE6F5CB1FC.jpeg]

[https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Vs3322Mbvak/YFoeXuJjHRI/AAAAAAAAoyk/
pOXG6sh69A0f97CJya3R9yz0ntppqsaeQCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/337A9FB3-D680-4867-85F0-
366B7B2CD883.jpeg]

7 INJ HALOPERIDOL 5mg im/sos

8 GRBS 6th hrly

9 BP/temp/PR 4th hrly

10 I/O charting

                    

PROVISIONAL DIAGNOSIS:?ACUTE PANCREATITIS 

                      ?  ALCOHOL    WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME

                                                 ? DELIRIUM TREMENS

                                 ?WERNICKE’S ENCEPHALOPATHY

 umbilicus - inverted , soft, tenderness +, no guarding , no rigidity,no
organomegaly, bowel sounds hear
[https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sIwyY1eTxLA/YFoeLT0Wo8I/AAAAAAAAoyg/kF6o-
vD9xuAT1Xy3ajuNhmm5WRfMb-tnACLcBGAsYHQ/s0/15EF627B-342F-46E1-A7C3-
A15555611EED.jpeg]


    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

**** Comments ****
*** Post a Comment ***

**** Popular posts from this blog ****
**** Medicine_Blog ****

 _June_04,_2020_
[Image]
I am an intern in medicine department and one of the important terms of getting
the internship completion is to complete my log book with my daily log of what
I learn during the course of my duties.  CASE: A 65 year old man presented to
the ER with a chief complaint of weakness in both his lower limbs since 15
days.  Detailed History The youngest of 2 and timid and shy as a boy, he quit
school at an early age in 7th standard and pursued farming and other hard
labor, following his father's footsteps. His early work involved shepherding,
breaking stones and lifting heavy weights. He was renowned for his prowess in
his locality. Married at the age of 20, he has 3 children with two daughters
and a son (attendant). A few years after his marriage, into his early 30s, the
patient first reported exertional, pounding palpitations associated with a
heaviness in his chest. He remembers that this subsided when he took rest for a
while. At this point he did not have any dyspnea, cough, chest pa
Read_more

**** Medicine ****

 _July_14,_2020_
[Image]
Hi this is intern posted in General Medicine department and one of the
important terms of getting the internship completion is to complete my log book
with my daily log of what I learn during the course of my duties. Here is a
case i have seen: CASE HISTORY 28 year old man, civil engineer from Coimbatore,
first child  born out of a non consanguinous marriage to a Civil engineer and
housewife. He was born and brought up in  Coimbatore. He has 2 younger sisters,
the elder one is in her btech final year and the younger one is in her btech
first year. He finished his engineering 5 years back after which he started
working in Chennai. He was completely asymptomatic 1 year back, when he felt
very tired one evening after his daily 8am to 5pm routine, he got better after
resting for 2 days after which he resumed his daily activities. He moved to
Nalgonda and started working at Pamalagula. 20 days back he says he had chicken
biryani at a Dhaba 1 week after which he started having non projectile
Read_more
___Powered_by_Blogger
**** Report_Abuse ****

