














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Monday, July 20, 2020 *****


**** Medical cognition research and CBBLE timeline 1 ****
Medical cognition is an area of research made popular since this 1998 paper by
Vimla Patel as a further development in the field of Medical Informatics
particularly to "examine human-computer interaction in medical contexts and
computer-mediated collaborative processes."

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC61330/

It was a pleasure getting to know Prof Vimla since 2008 virtually through
existing human computer interactive interfaces for social collaboration aka
email groups and social media especially through her association with a
National body that was developed to further medical Informatics research in
India. 

While the above paper used illustrations that were meant to be generalizable as
per the prevailing paradigm there was another requirement in "medical
cognition" that was evolving and waiting for quite a while having been
addressed by other systems of medicine that didn't remain mainstream and that
was around "answering multidimensional information needs" in individual
patients and this was in someways a harbinger of developing a "case based
blended learning ecosystem" aka CBBLE (pronounced "cable") that represented
another pathway in medical cognition.  

1998-99 CBBLE journey begins: With one CBBLE team member this began somewhere
two decades back with the documentation of the case here:

https://www.giejournal.org/article/S0016-5107(00)70398-1/fulltext

The first author is currently the director of SGPGI, Lucknow as well as VC,
KGMU, Lucknow. 

 2000: The same CBBLE team member changed institutes two decades back and
shared one more case based experience from Pokhara, Nepal here:

https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11762624/

Slowly the realization dawned that individual case based experiences were
different from the average data being  represented in Clinical trials where
each of these individuals was just a number.

2002: Contrary to what trial data projected, every individual was unique and
had unique life trajectories and it was found that medical students were best
suited to unearthing these trajectories as documented here: https://
www.eubios.info/EJ124/ej124j.htm

Some of these medical students who were now academic faculty, revisited this
idea in the last CBBLE paper here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/
PMC6163835/


2007: It was gradually becoming clearer that current evidence based medicine
needed a more meaningful methodology to answer individual patient requirements
here: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17683292/

2008: And soon the first conceptual model for current CBBLE was shared here:
 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19018905

It was called "user driven healthcare" UDHC and described a prevalent
phenomenon evolving with the internet and the only difference with the later
CBBLE appears to be that the term "blended learning" got added to the same
process suggesting that the CBBLE had a strong component of offline connection
and locality that was blended to requirements of online users. 

The CBBLE idea as a subset of the UDHC phenomenon was to build a Case based
reasoning database that could offer any individual patient data a platform for
obtaining comparisons between other individual patients who had similar data
patterns and then see if near matches of individual trajectories would offer
similar outcome trajectories in those group of patients and this was inspired
by a seminal paper on case based reasoning linked here: https://
pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15533257/

The pursuit of clinical problem solving using online user driven learning was a
polymathic pluralistic activity and we derived a lot of lessons from other
fields as illustrated in chapters of the UDHC book here 

https://www.igi-global.com/chapter/user-driven-learning-environment-botany/
49258

2009: The model could be scaled to the last mile primary care and act as an
efficient bridge between primary and tertiary, individual home, community
collaborative center and academic institutions as proposed here:   https://
pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19811603/

2010-2020--

Many such cases started getting logged by last mile workers in various parts of
India particularly West Bengal and they were processed by a CBBLE that fed case
based problems to a global forum for conversational learning as shared here:
 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4117104/

The forum was made by global medical and engineering  students and there is
more about them in the above article as well as in the UDHC book and journal
issues here https://www.igi-global.com/journal/international-journal-user-
driven-healthcare/41022 as well as their own web pages 

here: https://www.missionarogya.com/p/mission-and-vision.html?m=1

And here: blog.sbose.in/2012/08/ui-design-considerations-for-
user.html?view=timeslide&m=1


2012 the team presented our work in TEDx Kolkata here https://youtu.be/
76AVUQOK9LM


The Online links to some currently surviving patient records can be found in
the online learning portfolios of the last mile worker users here below:

https://736146.blogspot.com/?m=1

(The number in the URL reflects the area pin code from where the last mile
worker operates). 

https://ebpc-udhc-debasishacharjee.blogspot.com/?m=1

These last mile workers had begun a new genre of multilingual, deidentified
online patient records that were partially structured and managed in most
instances to convey individual patient requirements and their work was further
shared globally in published case studies linked below:

The paper below is a collated depiction of cases emailed by some of our last
mile workers and how their differently structured patient histories were still
useful to develop a learning ecosystem between the offline patient and online
healthcare learner and helper. 

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265050836_Person-
centered_healthcare_in_the_information_age_Experiences_from_a_user_driven_healthcare_network

The paper below is a case study that highlights our workflow of sharing "open
access patient records with de-identified patient documentation such as
doctors’ notes, diagnostic test results and the patient’s perspective" toward
improving their outcomes along with students learning outcomes. 

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6047727/

The original online patient record blog that was foundational to the published
case study is accessible here: https://ebpc-udhc-debasishacharjee.blogspot.com/
2017/07/38-year-old-woman-suffering-from-tb.html?m=1

With the steady progress of our last mile workers abilities to create web based
logs of patient records the abilities of the medical students in our learning
ecosystem remained at par by translating quite a few, perhaps 50-70 of these
online patient records into journal publications accessible here https://
pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=Rakesh+Biswas+

2013 one of the activities of a team member who looked after the editorship of
BMJ Case reports was to spread the word about case based learning and how every
individual patient was an independent research project and below are links to
some of the lectures delivered in 

Manipal http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec50421/001.htm

AMU http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec50661/001.htm

https://www.amu.ac.in/about3.jsp?did=9352

Bhopal PCOR 2014: http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53081/001.htm

Bangalore 2015 http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53671/002.htm

Delhi Banga Bhavan  2015 http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53961/001.htm


2015 was particularly important as one medical college started funding research
assistants who were more conversant with Hindi to take this work forward and
below are some of their work in their multilingual online learning portfolios 

RA1: Hindi online patient record 

kg83797.blogspot.com/?m=0

RA2: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/06851455361260935925

RA2: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information_28.html?m=1

RA3: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information_87.html?m=1

RA4: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/14713506954507734603

RA4: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information.html?m=1

RA5: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/08543457215724518158

RA5: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/experience-patients-are-interviewed-
by.html?m=1


73 cases in this web based log book  from LNMCH courtesy, research assistant,
 Kuldeep Gupta 

globaludhc09.blogspot.com/?m=0

46 cases in this web based log book  from LNMCH courtesy, research assistant,
 Kuldeep Gupta

 http://globaludhc07.blogspot.com/?m=0


2016 end saw the migration to another beginning detailed in part 2 here http://
medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/06/evolution-of-model-forpatient-
centered.html?m=1
 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 10:11 PM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _► _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _▼ _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _▼ _ July (11)
                # Medical_cognition_research_and_CBBLE_timeline_1
                # Virtual_case_bank_Nephrology
                # Virtual_case_bank_Hematology
                # Virtual_case_bank_Cardiology
                # Virtual_case_bank_Gastroenterology
                # Virtual_case_bank_Respiratory_system
                # Virtual_case_bank_from_global_CBBLE_elective_stude...
                # Virtual_case_bank_Neurology
                # Post_covid_transformation_of_medicine_summative_as...
                # Virtual_Clinical_Long_and_Short_cases_Online_Quest...
                # Virtual_case_based_assessment_post_covid
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

