
















****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Sunday, January 27, 2019 *****



**** Utilizing web based log books of post graduate residents to create online
patient records and online resident learning portfolios ****
This is a lecture discussion session beginning on a Sunday with this social
media post to a closed group of online post graduate residents and faculty
about an upcoming session on Tuesday.

First post: 5:00 PM to 5:30 PM

"Welcome to this Tuesday session that promotes using "web based log books" to
not only help current PGs manage their paper based log books in a genuine
manner but also enables them and the entire medical college to utilize these as
a learning and decision making tool around our patients.

We hope that this will enable a large number of our faculty man power in
clinical physiology, clinical anatomy, clinical microbiology, clinical
pathology, clinical pharmacology and Community Medicine to actually regularly
review and help us with useful ideas around our patients.

This Tuesday session is a blended learning exercise and we begin this "flipped"
classroom by sharing some basic knowledge around "web based log books" and
online learning portfolios as done in other parts of the globe and India.


You may notice some "medical education" buzz words here, such as "flipped
classroom, blended learning, portfolio based learning etc and I have been
slightly liberal with these terminologies as everyone in this group (including
the PGs) are medical educators.

I have included in this online group everyone possible in the faculty (at least
those whose numbers I have and those who may not leave midway) and the
Principal, Medical Superintendent, Vice principal and most HOds are here other
than the post graduate residents.

Two resources around web based log books shared below. Keeping all this to the
bare minimum to avoid information overload

Indian_article_on_Portfolio_based_learning¬†

Western_article_on_portfolio_based_learning

Will await all of your queries, thoughts and inputs on the above

Deafening silence till 8:45PM when the online instructor for the online
component of this blended learning session (yours truly) ¬†decides to share his
second post

Second post (8:45 PM to 10:45 PM)

To take you to the point where you may be able to appreciate how and why web
log books can be used as a valuable learning tool that can positively impact
patient outcomes in this hospital I shall try to begin this journey from our
current existing paper based log books. Shared below are some images of its key
pages each of which I shall discuss separately again below regarding their
importance and how web-logbooks can improve on them.

Figure 1
[https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-M0WuLPDu4cQ/XE3HqGruOlI/AAAAAAAAPbk/
avDkZYgUfAAxKACycMCfXO0YLhUUb4M1gCLcBGAs/s320/IMG20190118124106.jpg]


Figure 1 shows the first important page that you see in your log book and it
appears to be all about yourself as a PG. What would you like to write about
yourself has been suggested although I am not sure if that actually tells us a
lot about what you have already attained in your previous years of graduation
in terms of your learning. It just tells us that you have cleared some memory
based exams to reach your current position.

Figure 2

[https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-h9mnGDA7O_U/XE3KHSdPXTI/AAAAAAAAPbw/
xDe3g5BQM8MIHss-4ExMUI49l68RXoQIACLcBGAs/s320/IMG20190118124329.jpg]


Figure 2 shows the next page in your log book which is about evaluation of your
clinical work day wise. Now considering that you will be working everyday as a
PG 365 days a year, I guess the number of pages are grossly inadequate? ü§îüò¨


Now there are three more type of slots in your log book meant to assess the
kind of presentations you have made in terms of 'Journal review,' seminar and
case presentation. Perhaps in our regular Tuesday sessions, from now on, we can
incorporate the elements of 'journal review' along with the case presentation
and discussion seminar that you have already been doing around the cases that
you have been presenting here.'

So now that you know the university log book requirements well, we just need to
come to the most important part of our session and that is how would expanding
this paper based log book workflow into a web based log book (and online
learning portfolio) be useful for you or the institution. Before I move ahead I
would need your valuable inputs on what would be your thoughts on the above.

There's one response from one of the Professors in this online group next day
at 10:45 AM:

"Micro lesson of medical education will be of very effective ?"

My brief response at 11:40 AM:

üëç

Again continuing with the online posts

Third post at 11:40 AM:

Continuing the one way lecture (aka talking to myself) I now share a few links
below to a few web based log books ( aka Online learning portfolios) done by
current PGs in the Indian Medical education system.

[ 11:42 AM] Here's an online log book from a PG in RIMs Ranchi, India where you
can notice the first page of the bio data although not the other pages like day
to day work or case presentations or seminars or journal reviews although you
can see a lot of his seminar based publications in the past done in his UG and
early PG years


Online_learning_portfolio_on_research_gate¬†

[11:42 AM] Here's an online log book (web based portfolio) from a PG in AIIMS
Delhi and again you will notice that it contains much less than what is
recommended in the paper based format.


Online_learning_portfolio_in_LinkedIn¬†





[11:42 AM] Here's another more dynamic and impactful online learning portfolio
from another PG in AIIMS Delhi


Online_learning_portfolio_in_quora

Here you will notice that he has included a case presentation and even a useful
seminar answer to someone's query (which shows that his seminar can actually
have a wider impact among global users and readers of his portfolio.

He has off course included a lot of other content, which shall we just say is
not a part of his syllabus and that brings us to the important point that
Online portfolio based learning is not just bound by the narrow confines of a
university syllabus which is again one of the reasons some universities who are
way behind in creating academic impact will have little to do with it.

(11:42 AM)So why are we trying to be any different and why are we striving hard
to move beyond our university requirements?

Simply because as PGs when we chose our profession we had a dream of making an
impact and reaching out to a wider audience.


11:42 AM] This impact can only happen if all of us who are part of the medical
college hospital based learning ecosystem strive to improve together. In the
beginning straddling two different tools could appear daunting rather than a
value addition but we must realize that this is not to burden ourselves
additionally but to actually lessen our burden. Any day and in any way if you
feel burdensome you can feel free to make an anonymous post and share and we
shall try to address that issue without being judgemental. The online learning
portfolio ecosystem affords us the luxury of both anonymity as well as
transparency.

[11:42 AM]: Here's another online portfolio from one of our own Institute PGs

http://derangedmedicine.com/about/


That promises to be about some of the stuff that is also prescribed in his
paper based log book. He has used his online learning portfolio well till now
and also published a few of that content in journal formats.


[11:42 AM]: Here's another online portfolio from another PG from our
institution who has made it an anonymous portfolio and we are perfectly fine
with that as every individual has a right to express him/herself in his/her own
manner.

https://virtualmedicocases.blogspot.com/?m=1


The most important thing that differentiates a portfolio from a paper based log
book is that the portfolio brings out the personality of the individual and the
point here is that one can guage and admire an author's personality just
through his/her reflective writings even if one is unable to identify the
author.

Some book authors are able to write under pseudonyms and yet successfully make
a global impact.


[11:42 AM]: Another learning portfolio from our PG with case presentations and
her thesis plan. This portfolio is not anonymous although there is no bio page
yet.

http://keerthiereddy.blogspot.com/?m=1


[11:42 AM]: Another learning portfolio from our PG which is all about her
thesis and details about her thesis cases. This can be very useful to obtain
learning inputs on your thesis on a case by case basis.

http://allabouthyponatremia.blogspot.com/?m=1

We continued this in further online samples of E logs from our institution as
well as another institution with arguably one of the best post graduate
training programs in the country with dedicated offline faculty and a number of
global faculty who respond to the E logs by the post graduate residents by
helping out to solve the problems presented in the E logs with experiential and
critically appraised evidence.

Also coming up in the next post is a video about what actually transpired in
the actual offline component of this blended learning flipped classroom.

Meanwhile here are a few videos of classroom sessions with our post graduates
doing Journal reviews, case presentations and seminars as prescribed in their
log book curriculum:

Case_presentation

Journal_review¬†1

Journal_review_2

Elective_presentation_in_CMC_Vellore

 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 8:58‚ÄØAM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _‚ñ∫¬†_ 2022 (44)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ December (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ November (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ October (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ September (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ August (7)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ July (6)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ June (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ May (2)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ April (1)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ March (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ February (1)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ January (5)
    * _‚ñ∫¬†_ 2021 (92)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ December (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ November (8)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ October (4)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ September (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ August (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ July (6)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ June (21)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ May (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ April (6)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ March (16)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ February (14)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ January (1)
    * _‚ñ∫¬†_ 2020 (49)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ December (1)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ November (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ October (1)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ September (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ August (2)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ July (11)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ June (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ May (16)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ February (1)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ January (4)
    * _‚ñº¬†_ 2019 (2)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ February (1)
          o _‚ñº¬†_ January (1)
                # Utilizing_web_based_log_books_of_post_graduate_res...
    * _‚ñ∫¬†_ 2018 (3)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ November (2)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ January (1)
    * _‚ñ∫¬†_ 2016 (14)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ December (5)
          o _‚ñ∫¬†_ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

