














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Sunday, February 3, 2019 *****


**** Utilizing mobile user driven E logs of patient data to improve hospital
and community healthcare services ****
Project Title: Utilizing mobile user driven E logs of patient data to improve
hospital and community healthcare services through real time patient centered
clinical audit with a collaborative blended learning ecosystem of patients,
students and health professionals


Introduction:
There is a striking deficiency in medical learning competencies attained by
medical faculty and students that are hardly ever reflected on or brought to
notice in the course of caring for their patients. A biochemist may not know
how the HbA1c values that s/he regularly facilitates in his lab is actually
utilized by the clinician and patient and the clinician may not realize how the
HbA1c values are actually generated in the lab.

All medical students, doctors and health professional faculty need to have
cognitive competencies to take care of primary requirements of a rapidly
growing patient population but our current curriculum may not allow it's
participants to realize why they need to learn what they are learning, how this
knowledge may be applied by them to meet their patient requirements and if
their training can allow them to answer queries that arise naturally and not as
a result of an outdated curriculum that compels them toward non-contextual rote
memorization.

This dichotomy and gap between health education and practice badly affects
current day healthcare where a large proportion of health professionals are in
danger of becoming apathetic to patient requirements.

To resolve the above mentioned problems in current medical education and
healthcare, Medical council of India MCI has recently proposed a focus on
developing competency in medical students is a small step to move forward in
the direction of producing doctors confident and competent enough to meet the
needs of our population.1

Building on it further, we propose a patient-centered E log project with a
‘learning team’ comprising of Medical students and experienced faculty engaged
in blended collaborative learning around ‘individual patients.


Methods:
We shall utilize a mixed methods study design. In the course of a learning
session for 3 years, a team of faculty and students from various departments in
the hospital will be exposed to regular 'patient encounters' in the inpatient
and outpatient wards of Kamineni Institute of Medical sciences, Narketpally.
This team shall capture deidentified patient-data at the 'point of care' (in
the form of history, images of clinical findings as well as radiology and lab
data) and then subsequently share them to the online E-log platform specially
created to facilitate communication and discussion to learn around the patient.

The patients selected will have a sufficient level of clinical complexity
likely to generate maximum learning outcomes in terms of patient centered
learning questions which is detailed here.2

The collected 'patient data' after processing in the discussion forum can be
published online as a 'patient centered online health record' PCOHR in freely
available publishing platforms suggested by our past published "online patient
records" linked to our student's "online learning portfolios" here.3,4,5,6

Subsequently the prepared 'online health record' web link for each individual
patient is shared on to our online social-media based processing forum that has
a current global membership of 1500+ members, many of who actively participate
in solving patient problems posted to the forum.  

All this patient centered 'data collection and processing' activity shall be
subsequently documented in 'patient centered online health records' PCOHRs such
as the one's shared above and this online record 7 and demonstrates how
research publications are generated from them such as this.8

Results/Expected Outcomes:
This mixed methods study design will document results through qualitative
thematic analysis of student-faculty learning insights, qualitative insights on
patient-health-outcomes and quantitative estimates in terms of the number of
validated participatory learning inputs contributed by each student and faculty
and quantitative estimates of patient health in terms of QoL. The results of
the impact evaluation of our PCOHR educational intervention strategy will be
validated as per currently known paradigms. 9 An additional feature of note in
our project is the utilization of online learning portfolios of students and
faculty, which are generated partly automatically online from their documented
participatory learning conversations in our currently active online case based
blended learning ecosystem CBBLE. These portfolios will be thematically
analyzed to assess the results/learning-outcomes of each faculty and student's
learning activity. The portfolio based quantitative learning points generated
around each patient will be compared with the results/outcomes obtained in
terms of their respective patient improvement using quantitative QoL estimates
(SF36 etc.).

Discussion and Implications for Practice:
The 'patient-centered learning' process will further involve learning feedback
provided to the patient's primary caregiver by our 'case based blended learning
learning ecosystem CBBLE managers and then noting the results in comparison to
a 'control group' of patients whose providers receive no CBBLE feedback. Our
hypothesis toward the expected outcome of this project is that the CBBLE team
as well as their patients will have respectively better learning as well as QoL
outcomes than the control group-team. A CBBLE nurtured and scaled in an
appropriate patient centered manner can go a long way toward improving health
professional learning as well as improving patient outcomes and the combination
of the two will be instrumental in augmenting national capacity building and
transforming healthcare.


SWOT Analysis:

Strengths: Promising solution to current felt need that can bridge gaps in
healthcare learning competencies as well as address patient outcome
complexities.

Weaknesses: Quasi-experimental and complex study design and consequent
potential of study sample selection bias. (Workarounds: ensure transparent and
accountable online documentation of entire process that is naturally subject to
external peer review in real time)

Opportunities: Potential to scale into a sustainable model of practice based
learning toward
improving patient outcomes.

Threats: Participant motivation leading to study attrition, patient privacy and
confidentiality (Workarounds: regular motivational meets with participants of
both groups with real-time transparent documentation of the interaction that
transpires between all the stakeholders)

References:
   1. https://www.quora.com/Can-we-form-a-system-to-grade-the-doctors-as-per-
      their-competency
   2. http://www.pcori.org/research-we-support/pcor/
   3. https://virtualmedicocases.blogspot.com/2018/03/9-year-old-girl-had-
      developed-fever.html?m=1
   4. http://keerthiereddy.blogspot.com/2017/12/spastic-quadriparesis-
      mnd.html?m=1

   1. http://allabouthyponatremia.blogspot.com/2018/11/heart-failure-
      presenting-as-hyponatremia.html?m=1

   1. http://derangedmedicine.com/cor-pulomonale-and-acute-exacerbation-of-
      copd/
   2. http://userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/udhc-case-study-from-
      online-patient.html?m=1
   3. http://casereports.bmj.com/content/2014/bcr-2013-202916.full
   4. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impact_evaluation

Other ongoing similar programs in our Institute:

Blended learning electives:
http://promotions.bmj.com/jnl/bmj-case-reports-student-electives-2

Past Experience:
Developing a Case-Based Blended Learning Ecosystem to Optimize Precision
Medicine: Reducing Overdiagnosis and Overtreatment
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6163835/

Online patient records and online resident learning portfolios:
https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2019/01/utilizing-web-based-log-books-
of-post.html?m=1

More:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=rakesh+biswas

http://scholar.google.com/
citations?hl=en&user=Sc3HgGAAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate

Other References/Bibliography:

Patient centered research and learning:
http://www.pcori.org/research-we-support/pcor/

Clinical Complexity:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2327227/pdf/wpa010001.pdf

http://www.ajmc.com/publications/issue/2012/2012-9-vol18-n9/impact-of-clinical-
complexity-on-the-quality-of-diabetes-care/3

Clinical complexity and teaching learning competencies: http://
www.wpba4gps.co.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/secure/mindmaps/
PDF_files_for_Competency/Medical_Complexity__Detail_.pdf

Quasi Experimental studies and identifying causation between intervention and
effect:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1380192/pdf/16.pdf

https://www.academia.edu/1482786/
How_investigating_mediators_and_moderators_helps_explain_intervention_effects

 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 8:20 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _► _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _▼ _ 2019 (2)
          o _▼ _ February (1)
                # Utilizing_mobile_user_driven_E_logs_of_patient_dat...
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

