
















Skip_to_main_content
____
****** General_Medicine ******

**** 19/M with fever and body pain ****

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

 _November_30,_2022_
This is an online E log book to discuss our patient's de-identified health data
shared after taking his/her/guardian's signed informed consent. Here we discuss
our individual patient's problems through series of inputs from available
global online community of experts with an aim to solve those patient's
clinical problems with collective current best evidence based inputs. This E
log book also reflects my patient -centered online learning portfolio and your
valuable inputs on the comment box"


Cheif Complaints :
A 19yr old male patient came to the opd with chief complaints of fever Since 1
week.



HOPI:-

Patient was Apparently asymptomatic 1 week back then he developed fever with
chills which is high grade ,sudden in onset & associated with body pains
.Relieved on medication.

2 days back he was taken to outside hospital there his platelet count was
1,29,000 cells/cumm, yesterday they were 1,32,000cells/cumm.Today they were
98,000cells/ cumm.

No h/o Loose stools, vomitings,

No h/o Hematuria, dark stools.

No h/o pain abdomen,giddiness.



PAST HISTORY:-

Not a k/c/o HTN,DM, Thyroid, Epilepsy.



PERSONAL HISTORY:-

diet- mixed

Appetite- normal

Sleep- adequate

Bowel and bladder movement- normal



GENERAL EXAMINATION:-

Patient was conscious, coherent, cooperative,well oriented to time place and
person.

Moderately built & moderately nourished.

No pallor,Icterus,cyanosis, lymphadenopathy, clubbing.

BP -90/60mmhg

PR -84

RR -14cpm

Spo2 -99

Temp:-99.5 F

CVS- S1 S2 +

CNS- NAD

R/S - BAE +

P/A - soft,nontender .



PROVISIONAL DIAGNOSIS:-

DENGUE( NS1 +, IgM+) WITH THROMBOCYTOPENIA.

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-RgKHdJQ_BH4/Y4g5P5SWx2I/AAAAAAAA9Os/8_GH-
HDX350M1GmsMXDbJvIT8shlGdh0ACNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871931945392-0.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-9saPM0gqvUE/Y4g5O2bIm6I/AAAAAAAA9Oo/
8pRPODZXDU4plOXHSMu9qGQFNMGx_7-bwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871928671828-1.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-k08ZEFgYhzA/Y4g5OGPV_3I/AAAAAAAA9Ok/
dzzF8mzyRC87yBESsTJdFusKA8-agQjvwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871925164002-2.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-JdBfuhg9Ef4/Y4g5NFRQW1I/AAAAAAAA9Og/
UHQzKApLQJEeS7s3cmCaYMji_jjYpWPUwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871921749288-3.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Tmg4ED3U6o8/Y4g5MVc_dpI/AAAAAAAA9Oc/
aT3fe1Vl6Wk3EKRmcHKhVZ5qOQDlOcj5QCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871918067552-4.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-KhZxUi0mewI/Y4g5LUWp2gI/AAAAAAAA9OY/
EhOA4c_ELd4FBTyawmw_VgeCwLWeghzgACNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871914648584-5.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-YcMo-VC1jEU/Y4g5KFaCyaI/AAAAAAAA9OU/
K_0ulU87ATk6BZsq7-OcJbxsxBllfe7TwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871909242186-6.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-AH9QUqUntNg/Y4g5JFSHrWI/AAAAAAAA9OQ/
ZgIAQaKEOkAyfRRjUujVGaooVfc1ZQokQCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871905870027-7.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-9YeHqLgv8aY/Y4g5IUSXn3I/AAAAAAAA9OM/
urbEqjkgLEseElpxAUjR3ooG4TTaoMtMQCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871902460088-8.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-fLw-_HYbjbY/Y4g5HR0BJjI/AAAAAAAA9OI/
kCOwhOTHlkIzZECysqj5JLc3VIWvdx3PQCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871897799069-9.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-raT7UeupKuI/Y4g5GdFyaLI/AAAAAAAA9OE/
eGXgYPgIPgEbkTIp6EwetjN2wMaawkXLgCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1669871894306679-10.png]

TREATMENT:-

1) Iv fluids NS @ 100ml/hr

2) Tab DOLO 650 mg Po/TID

3) INJ PAN 40 mg IV/OD

4) INJ NEOMOL IV/ SOS( IF TEMP >101 F

5) INJ ZOFER 4mg IV/SOS

6) BP AND TEMP MONITERING

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

**** Comments ****
*** Post a Comment ***

**** Popular posts from this blog ****
**** Acutegastricpharyngitis ****

 _March_13,_2022_
[Image]
Patient came to casuality wih c/o epigastric pain since 2pm of 27/2/22. Nausea
and vomitings are present since 4pm yesterday.  HOPI:  Patient is a chronic
alcoholic since 20yrs. Due to issues with his wife, he is consuming alcohol
since 1yr. For the last 7days he is drinking wihout having food. C/o epigastric
pain since yesterday  Burning type, radiating to back gradually progressive. 
Nausea present, vomitings present of dark black colored. Non bilious, non
projectile. C/o Burning sensation in throat Similar episode of binge drinking 2
eisodes in last 1yr. K/C/O HTN since 5yrs , on medication - irregular.  N/K/C/
O: DM, TB, asthma. O/E: Pt is C/C/C. Afebrile. Bp: 120/80 Pr: 84 bpm Rs: BAE+
CVS: S1S2 + CNS: NAD. Abdomen : soft and tender at left hypochondrium   
TREATMENT :- 1) INJ PANTOP 40 MG OD  2) INJ THIAMINE 100 MG IV BF  3) IVF  NS
AND RL  4) INJ ZOFER 4 MG IV SOS  5 ) INJ PIPTAZ 2.25 MG IV TID DAY 3 
6)BETADINE GARGLING  7) SYRUP MUCAINE GEL 10 ML PO TID 
Read_more

**** 55_years_old_male_with_viral_pyrexia_and_thrombocytopenia ****

 _March_20,_2022_
[Image]
 THIS IS AN ONLINE E LOG BOOK TO DISCUSS OUR PATIENT'S DE - IDENTIFIED HEALTH
DATA SHARED AFTER TAKING HIS / HER /GUARDIAN'S SIGNED INFORMED CONSENT .HERE WE
DISCUSS OUR INDIVIDUAL PATIENT'S PROBLEMS THROUGH SERIES OF INPUTS FROM
AVAILABLE GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY OF EXPERTS WITH AN AIM TO SOLVE THOSE
CLINICAL PROBLEMS WITH COLLECTIVE CURRENT BEST EVIDENCE BASED INPUT . A 55 year
old male farmer by occupation, resident of Nalgonda came with the chief
complains of  Fever since 5 days which is of low grade, intermittent and
relieved on local medication. Not associated with chills and rigors.  relieved
on medication. Headache in the frontal region  No h/o vomitings, blurring of
vision giddiness,cold,cough,SOB, melena,bleeding gums,hematuria, rash. No other
complains Went to local RMP for evaluation of fever and Ns1 was positive.
brought to our hospital in view of ns1 positive PAST HISTORY: No h/o HTN, DM,TB
Asthma, Epilepsy,CVD. PERSONAL HISTORY: DIET - MIXED, APPETITE -REDU
Read_more

**** 41_years_old_Male_with_PSORIASIS ****

 _April_10,_2022_
[Image]
This is online E-blog, to discuss our patient de-identified health data shared
after taking her guardian's signed informed consent. Here we discuss our
individual patient problems through series of inputs from available global
online community of experts with an aim to solve the patients clinical problem
with current best evidence based input. This E-blog also reflects my patient's
centred online learning portfolio. I have been given this case to solve in an
attempt to understand the topic of "Patient Clinical Data Analysis" to develop
my competency in reading and comprehending clinical data including history,
clinical findings, investigations and come up with a diagnosis and treatment
plan. Pateint came to Casuality on 24th of March with  -c/o itching & scaling
of skin all over the body and scalp since 3 months. -H/o itchy skin lesion over
the body since 25 years -H/0 swelling of joint while working since 3years - No
H/o fever -H/o winter aggravation Ⓒ HISTORY O
Read_more
___Powered_by_Blogger
**** Report_Abuse ****

