














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Monday, June 21, 2021 *****


**** Evolution of a model for patient centered, scholarship of integration in
Medical education and research " ****
The participatory case based blended learning ecosystem CBBLE framework that is
a model for a patient centered, scholarship of integration in Medical
education, has been actively evolving since a few decades in different medical
colleges in India and has been described in detailed timeline below (and
earlier as an illustration of evolving research around 'medical cognition')   :

2002 Manipal, Pokhara : Contrary to what generalizeable randomized controlled
trial data projected, every individual was unique and had unique life
trajectories and it was found that medical students were best suited to
unearthing these trajectories as documented here: https://www.eubios.info/
EJ124/ej124j.htm

Some of these medical students who were now academic faculty, revisited this
idea in the last CBBLE paper here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/
PMC6163835/


2007 Manipal, Melaka : It was gradually becoming clearer that current evidence
based medicine needed a more meaningful methodology to answer individual
patient requirements here: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17683292/

2008: And soon the first conceptual model for current CBBLE was shared here:
 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19018905

It was called "user driven healthcare" UDHC and described a prevalent
phenomenon evolving with the internet and the only difference with the later
CBBLE appears to be that the term "blended learning" got added to the same
process suggesting that the CBBLE had a strong component of offline connection
and locality that was blended to requirements of online users. 

The CBBLE idea as a subset of the UDHC phenomenon was to build a Case based
reasoning database that could offer any individual, a platform for obtaining
comparisons between other individual patients who had similar data patterns and
then see if near matches of individual trajectories would offer similar outcome
trajectories in those group of patients and this was inspired by a seminal
paper on case based reasoning linked here: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
15533257/

The pursuit of clinical problem solving using online user driven learning was a
polymathic pluralistic activity and we derived a lot of lessons from other
fields as illustrated in chapters of the UDHC book here 

https://www.igi-global.com/chapter/user-driven-learning-environment-botany/
49258

2009 PCMS Bhopal : The model could be scaled to the last mile primary care and
act as an efficient bridge between primary and tertiary, individual home,
community collaborative center and academic institutions as proposed here:
  https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19811603/

2010-2021 (Connecting multiple medical colleges with last mile patients)--

Many such cases started getting logged by last mile workers in various parts of
India particularly West Bengal and they were processed by a CBBLE that fed case
based problems to a global forum for conversational learning as shared here:
 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4117104/

2008-2014: PCMS, Bhopal 

While one of the faculty coordinator for the CBBLE was in the above Medical
College location, the actual forum was made by global medical and engineering
 students and there is more about them in the above article as well as in the
UDHC book and journal issues here https://www.igi-global.com/journal/
international-journal-user-driven-healthcare/41022 as well as their own web
pages 

here: https://www.missionarogya.com/p/mission-and-vision.html?m=1

And here: blog.sbose.in/2012/08/ui-design-considerations-for-
user.html?view=timeslide&m=1


2012 the team presented our work in TEDx Kolkata here https://youtu.be/
76AVUQOK9LM

One of the organizers of the conference, Mr Shoubhik Bose created a website for
UDHC that is currently archived here :
https://web.archive.org/web/20181119011847/http://www.udhc.co.in/

It displayed a pseudonymisation "Telemedicine" workflow with patient names
replaced by botanical names and patients asked to plant their namesakes. 

https://web.archive.org/web/20180920234950/http://www.udhc.co.in/SOLUTION/
solutionList.jsp

There were issues (weaknesses) in the form of questions such as :

Other than patients and caregivers what are the chances that others with
malintent will be able to identify these patients? 

These are still important issues that we are trying to grapple with and improve
upon daily. 

These health records were also multilingual with advice in Bengali (other than
English as demonstrated here 
https://web.archive.org/web/20160922040838/http://www.udhc.co.in/SOLUTION/
viewSolution.jsp?solution_id=7&topic_id=166

The Online links to other currently surviving patient records can be found in
the online learning portfolios of the last mile worker users here below:

https://736146.blogspot.com/?m=1

(The number in the URL reflects the area pin code from where the last mile
worker operates). 

https://ebpc-udhc-debasishacharjee.blogspot.com/?m=1

These last mile workers had begun a new genre of multilingual, deidentified
online patient records that were partially structured and managed in most
instances to convey individual patient requirements and their work was further
shared globally in published case studies linked below:

The paper below is a collated depiction of cases emailed by some of our last
mile workers and how their differently structured patient histories were still
useful to develop a learning ecosystem between the offline patient and online
healthcare learner and helper. 

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265050836_Person-
centered_healthcare_in_the_information_age_Experiences_from_a_user_driven_healthcare_network


With the steady progress of our last mile workers abilities to create web based
logs of patient records, the abilities of the medical students in our learning
ecosystem remained at par by translating quite a few, perhaps 50-70 of these
online patient records into journal publications accessible here https://
pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=Rakesh+Biswas+

2013 one of the activities of a team member who looked after the editorship of
BMJ Case reports was to spread the word about case based learning and how every
individual patient was an independent research project and below are links to
some of the lectures delivered in 

Manipal http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec50421/001.htm

AMU http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec50661/001.htm

https://www.amu.ac.in/about3.jsp?did=9352

Bhopal PCOR 2014: http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53081/001.htm

Bangalore 2015 http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53671/002.htm

Delhi Banga Bhavan  2015 http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53961/001.htm

2014 year saw the inauguration of the BMJ Case reports Elective program
(detailed here: https://casereports.bmj.com/pages/bmj-case-reports-student-
electives/
from PCMS Bhopal and hosted initial students from India and France (shared
here: http://userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2014/09/positive-role-of-
medical-electives-in.html?m=1, with their patient described in the lecture
here: : http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec53081/001.htm ), before it
shifted to another medical college, LNMCH, Bhopal where a group of students
from US and India published their first global health case report here :
 www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4785487/


2015 was particularly important as LNMCH was the first medical college that
started funding research assistants who were more conversant with Hindi to take
this work forward and below are some of their work in their multilingual online
learning portfolios along with their assessments by the faculty coordinator :

RA1: Hindi online patient record 

kg83797.blogspot.com/?m=0

RA2: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/06851455361260935925

RA2: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information_28.html?m=1

RA3: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information_87.html?m=1

RA4: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/14713506954507734603

RA4: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/assessment-of-patient-
information.html?m=1

RA5: Link to online patient logs:

https://www.blogger.com/profile/08543457215724518158

RA5: Link to one time assessment:

userdrivenhealthcare.blogspot.com/2016/03/experience-patients-are-interviewed-
by.html?m=1

2016 saw another shift in base this time to a medical college in West Bengal,
Durgapur where a few ideas around patient centered scholarship of integration
in Medical education and research were consolidated in the form of the lectures
below and shared in various forums such as medical education conferences
organized by JIPMER, Pondicherry and "International Society for Evidence-Based
Health Care" Kisch island around the same time. 

Medical Education Curriculum: How do we change the game? http://www.pitt.edu/
~super1/lecture/lec54091/001.htm, 

Generalism in Medical Education:  What and Why? http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/
lecture/lec54101/001.htm  

Assessment of Generalist Learning Competency: http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/
lecture/lec54111/002.htm 

Current challenges in Evidence based Medical Education and the way forward :

http://www.pitt.edu/~super1/lecture/lec54941/001.htm

One of the fall outs of the above consolidated ideas was to action it in the
form of a curriculum that would blend seamlessly with existing curricula and
this was illustrated at that time here in the form of a "Case-Based-Online-
Learning-Portfolio in an MBBS student of WBUHS" 
https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2016/?m=0

The elective learning program was furthered here in this global health case
study linked below, by two visiting medical students from UK and it highlights
our workflow of sharing "open access patient records with de-identified patient
documentation such as doctors’ notes, diagnostic test results and the patient’s
perspective" toward improving their outcomes along with students learning
outcomes. 

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6047727/

The original online patient record blog prepared by our community health
worker, that was foundational to the published case study is accessible here:
 https://ebpc-udhc-debasishacharjee.blogspot.com/2017/07/38-year-old-woman-
suffering-from-tb.html?m=1


2017 location shifts to another medical college near Hyderabad and the CBBLE
projects are further strengthened as detailed here:https://
medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/02/medicine-department-projects.html?m=0

The BMJ Elective student visits continued and some of their videos below depict
our current workflow for scholarship of integration in a vivid manner here :
 https://youtu.be/xvE5b8Xk3vM (presented by our elective students in a medical
education conference in AIIMS, Bhuvaneshwar, early 2020)


And here: https://youtu.be/csF8VQbOYRo(presented by our elective student to a
medical college in California, early 2021) 

Other than a few of our patient centered case studies as Global health case
reports linked below :

Middle-aged man who could not afford an angioplasty. BMJ Case Reports CP. 2019
Mar 1;12(3):e227118.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30936331

Traumatic Subdural Hematoma: Integrating Case Based Clinical Judgement with
Guidelines:
https://casereports.bmj.com/content/13/9/e233197

Other than the BMJ Elective program students who added immense inputs to this
'scholarship of integration' detailed in the institution project log linked
above, the pandemic drove newer opportunities to explore online learning with
our students that added considerable data to our work around scholarship of
integration facilitated by the CBBLE tool as portrayed here :
https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2020/05/integrating-medical-education-
and.html?m=0

The pandemic made us take our classes live globally and we regularly connect
with our students live during our 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM morning rounds as
videoed and archived in the link below where we are presenting our cases to a
global audience:

https://youtu.be/5K_VHSSrouc

https://youtu.be/1LjB5Lyous8

And here's a sample of our regular class videos of case presentation lectures
during our 2-4 PM sessions. 

https://youtu.be/kj4YkpW9cXA

https://youtu.be/Uz9baFCQ35s

https://youtu.be/VjF9eGfOaSk

https://youtu.be/F-HhXzLaqP8


Here's a summary video of what we do 

https://youtu.be/xvE5b8Xk3vM

We can share recorded sessions in a more structured way rather than the
impromptu manner in which it has been filmed but then we need a film maker who
will do it for us. 

Meanwhile till then our student user driven online learning portfolios that
keep getting updated regularly in real time keeps reflecting their competencies
that we have showcased in this link here : https://
medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/07/?m=0


Above is the background that sets the stage for the description of the current
framework for scholarship of integration with a most recent example in the next
module.


Please click on the link below to get back to the first layer of the chapter:

https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/06/draft-3a-scholarship-of-
integration-and.html?m=1



 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 9:43 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _▼ _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _▼ _ June (21)
                # E_log_book_and_online_assessment_FAQs_and_Q&A_conv...
                # Medicine_department_paper_for_June_2021_bimonthly...
                # Book_chapter_:_Scholarship_of_Integration_and_the_...
                # Introduction_to_evolution_of_human_language,_commu...
                # Making_connections_between_different_ways_of_knowi...
                # Evidence_based_medical_assessments_drive_student_l...
                # Peer_to_peer_review/assessment_of_Online_assignmen...
                # Scholarship_of_integration_driven_by_shared_Online...
                # Gradual_integration_of_traditional_with_competency...
                # Student_user_driven,_patient_centred_assessment_pr...
                # Working_prototype_of_a_scholarly_integration_of_me...
                # Evolution_of_a_model_for patient_centered,_scholar...
                # National_Medical_Integration_and_the_role_of_schol...
                # Pandemic_driven_acceleration_of_scholarly_integrat...
                # Failed_political_integration_attempts_at_different...
                # Individual_integration_of_different_roads_to_healing
                # Brief_:_Scholarship_of_integration_in_Medical_ed...
                # Introduction,_Draft_3_Scholarship_of_Integration_a...
                # Abstract_for_book_chapter_on_"Scholarship_of_Integ...
                # Conversational_learning_illustration_in_the_contex...
                # Part_1_Contextualizing_the_need_for_a_framework_to...
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

