














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Sunday, May 23, 2021 *****


**** Online blended bimonthly assignment toward summative assessment for the
month of May 2021 ****
23/05/2021 3:00 PM

**** Answer all questions:                                                    
 
 ****
                    Max Marks: 100 (5 questions in total
                    and 20 marks for each  answer) 
                    Submit by:   31/05/2021               

                    Below is an online formal question
                    paper to be answered online using all
                    available resources at your online
                    disposal over a period of days and E
                    logged in a manner demonstrated by one
                    of the past examinees in the link here:
                    https://
                    caseopinionsbyrollno156.blogspot.com/
                    2020/10/medicine-blended-assignment-
                    october.html?m=1

And this was in response to one of the past assignments here:
 medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2020/09/medicine-paper-for-october-2020-
first.html?m=1

Feel free to be creative and not necessarily be restricted by the above format.
Please be original and refrain from plagiarism. Please note that every logged
answer paper should contain the link to this current "assignment/question
paper" page and the patient context for each answer.
                    Questions plan and context:
All questions are around student driven patient centered case reports prepared
by our students over last one month and most of the questions are what
naturally arose in the minds of these students while trying to help their
patients. For the same students taking this exam, marks will be provided for
their contribution to the questions. 

We are also utilizing this online assessment platform for a participatory
action research strategy in "developing student driven patient centered
research projects and your online answers will also be analyzed and interpreted
with that intent for example the question around covid is linked to our ongoing
covid project and the question around heart failure is linked to our heart
failure project detailed here: https://vamsikrishna1996.blogspot.com/2020/10/
thesis.html

More here on current medicine department projects:
 medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/02/medicine-department-projects.html?m=0


The questions below cover the entire spectrum from anatomy, physiology to
diagnostic, therapeutic uncertainty to resolve one disease theme and
predictably move from symptoms to diagnosis and treatment challenges. For
traditional classification purposes we have classified the questions into
anatomical areas.

Most questions test the reading comprehension skills of the examinee and some
prior familiarity with medical terms and strategies and also more importantly
assesses their ability to use online search tools toward better expression of
their learning points in the form of answers that are again made available open
access for post publication peer review.

In summary the answers to the following questions in this online question paper
will assess the examinee's competencies in empathically dealing with:

Clinical problem solving 

Medical terminologies familiarity including areas of anatomy, physiology,
pathology 

Current EBM strategies for managing diagnostic and therapeutic uncertainty 

                    Section 1) Please go through the
                    patient data in the links below and
                    answer the following questions:

1) Pulmonology (10 Marks) 

A) Link to patient details:


https://soumyanadella128eloggm.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-55-year-old-female-with-
shortness-of.html

Questions:

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?

3) What could be the causes for her current acute exacerbation?


4. Could the ATT have affected her symptoms? If so how?


5.What could be the causes for her electrolyte imbalance?



2) Neurology (10 Marks) 

A) Link to patient details:

https://143vibhahegde.blogspot.com/2021/05/wernickes-encephalopathy.html

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?


3) Why have neurological symptoms appeared this time, that were absent during
withdrawal earlier? What could be a possible cause for this?

4) What is the reason for giving thiamine in this patient?

5) What is the probable reason for kidney injury in this patient? 

6). What is the probable cause for the normocytic anemia?

7) Could chronic alcoholism have aggravated the foot ulcer formation? If yes,
how and why?

B) Link to patient details:

https://kausalyavarma.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-52-year-old-male-with-
cerebellar.html?m=1

Questions-

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?


3) Did the patients history of denovo HTN contribute to his current condition?

4) Does the patients history of alcoholism make him more susceptible to
ischaemic or haemorrhagic type of stroke?

C) Link to patient details:

http://bejugamomnivasguptha.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-45-years-old-female-patient-
with.html


Questions:


1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are the reasons for recurrence of hypokalemia in her? Important risk
factors for her hypokalemia?

3) What are the changes seen in ECG in case of hypokalemia and associated
symptoms?

D) Link to patient details:

https://rishikoundinya.blogspot.com/2021/05/55years-old-patient-with-
seizures.html


QUESTIONS:


1. Is there any relationship between occurrence of seizure to brain stroke. If
yes what is the mechanism behind it?


2. In the previous episodes of seizures, patient didn't loose his consciousness
but in the recent episode he lost his consciousness what might be the reason?


E) Link to patient details:


https://nikhilasampathkumar.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-48-year-old-male-with-
seizures-and.html?m=1


Questions: 1) What could have been the reason for this patient to develop
ataxia in the past 1 year?

2) What was the reason for his IC bleed? Does Alcoholism contribute to bleeding
diatheses ?


F) Link to patient details:


http://shivanireddymedicalcasediscussion.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-30-yr-old-male-
patient-with-weakness.html

Questions

1.Does the patient's  history of road traffic accident have any role in his
present condition?

2.What are warning signs of CVA?

3.What is the drug rationale in CVA?

4. Does alcohol has any role in his attack?

5.Does his lipid profile has any role for his attack??

G) Link to patient details:


https://amishajaiswal03eloggm.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-50-year-old-patient-with-
cervical.html


__*Questions*_

1)What is myelopathy hand ?

2)What is finger escape ?

3)What is Hoffman’s reflex?

H) Link to patient details:

https://neerajareddysingur.blogspot.com/2021/05/general-medicine-case-
discussion.html?m=1                  

  
Possible questions: 

              
1) What can be  the cause of her condition ?                             

2) What are the risk factors for cortical vein thrombosis?

3)There was seizure free period in between but again sudden episode of GTCS
why?resolved spontaneously  why?                           
             
4) What drug was used in suspicion of cortical venous sinus thrombosis?


3) Cardiology (10 Marks) 

A) Link to patient details:

https://muskaangoyal.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-78year-old-male-with-shortness-
of.html.


1.What is the difference btw heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and
with reduced ejection fraction?

2.Why haven't we done pericardiocenetis in this pateint?        

             
3.What are the risk factors for development of heart failure in the patient?

4.What could be the cause for hypotension in this patient?


B) Link to patient details:

https://muskaangoyal.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-73-year-old-male-patient-with-
pedal.html. 


Questions:

1.What are the possible causes for heart failure in this patient?

2.what is the reason for anaemia in this case?

3.What is the reason for blebs and non healing ulcer in the legs of this
patient?

4. What sequence of stages of diabetes has been noted in this patient?


C) Link to patient details:
 

https://preityarlagadda.blogspot.com/2021/05/biatrial-thrombus-in-52yr-old-
male.html

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?

3) What is the pathogenesis of renal involvement due to heart failure (cardio
renal syndrome)? Which type of cardio renal syndrome is this patient? 

4) What are the risk factors for atherosclerosis in this patient?

5) Why was the patient asked to get those APTT, INR tests for review?

D) Link to patient details:

https://daddalavineeshachowdary.blogspot.com/2021/05/67-year-old-patient-with-
acute-coronary.html?m=1


Questions-

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?

3) What are the indications and contraindications for PCI?


4) What happens if a PCI is performed in a patient who does not need it? What
are the harms of overtreatment and why is research on overtesting and
overtreatment important to current healthcare systems?


E) Link to patient details:

https://bhavaniv.blogspot.com/2021/05/case-discussion-on-myocardial-
infarction.html?m=1


Questions:

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What are mechanism of action, indication and efficacy over placebo of each
of the pharmacological and non pharmacological interventions used for this
patient?


3) Did the secondary PTCA do any good to the patient or was it unnecessary?

F) Link to patient details:

https://kattekolasathwik.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-case-of-cardiogenic-shock.h

1. How did the patient get  relieved from his shortness of breath after i.v
fluids administration by rural medical practitioner?

2. What is the rationale of using torsemide in this patient?

3. Was the rationale for administration of ceftriaxone? Was it prophylactic or
for the treatment of UTI?


4) Gastroenterology (& Pulmonology) 10 Marks

A) Link to patient details:

https://63konakanchihyndavi.blogspot.com/2021/05/case-discussion-on-
pancreatitis-with.html

QUESTIONS: 

1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What is the efficacy of drugs used along with other non pharmacological
 treatment modalities and how would  you approach this patient as a treating
physician?

B) Link to patient details:

https://nehae-logs.blogspot.com/2021/05/case-discussion-on-25-year-old-
male.html


1) What is causing the patient's dyspnea? How is it related to pancreatitis?

2) Name possible reasons why the patient has developed a state of
hyperglycemia.

3) What is the reason for his elevated LFTs? Is there a specific marker for
Alcoholic Fatty Liver disease?

4) What is the line of treatment in this patient?

For the master chart to the "pancreatitis thesis project" please get in touch
with Dr Shashikala PGY1 and Dr Divya PGY2 and share their insights into the
above project problem they are working on. 


C) Link to patient details:

https://chennabhavana.blogspot.com/2021/05/general-medicine-case-discussion-
1.html

Possible Questions :-

1) what is the most probable diagnosis in this patient?

2) What was the cause of her death?

3) Does her NSAID abuse have  something to do with her condition? How? 

5) Nephrology (and Urology) 10 Marks 

A) Link to patient details:

https://kavyasamudrala.blogspot.com/2021/05/medicine-case-discussion-this-is-
online.html

1. What could be the reason for his SOB ?

2. Why does he have intermittent episodes of  drowsiness ?

3. Why did he complaint of fleshy mass like passage in his urine?

4. What are the complications of TURP that he may have had?

B) Link to patient details:


https://drsaranyaroshni.blogspot.com/2021/05/an-eight-year-old-with-
frequent.html


Questions

1.Why is the child excessively hyperactive without much of social etiquettes ?

2. Why doesn't the child have the excessive urge of urination at night time ?

3. How would you want to manage the patient to relieve him of his symptoms?



6) Infectious Disease (HI virus, Mycobacteria, Gastroenterology, Pulmonology)
 10 Marks 

A) Link to patient details:


https://vyshnavikonakalla.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-40-year-old-lady-with-
dysphagia-fever.html


Questions:

 1.Which clinical history and physical findings are characteristic of tracheo
esophageal fistula?

2) What are the chances of this patient developing immune reconstitution
inflammatory syndrome? Can we prevent it? 



7) Infectious disease and Hepatology:

Link to patient details:


https://kavyasamudrala.blogspot.com/2021/05/liver-abscess.html



1. Do you think drinking locally made alcohol caused liver abscess in this
patient due to predisposing factors
 present in it ? 

What could be the cause in this patient ?

2. What is the etiopathogenesis  of liver abscess in a chronic alcoholic
patient ? ( since 30 years - 1 bottle per day)

3. Is liver abscess more common in right lobe ?

4.What are the indications for ultrasound guided aspiration of liver abscess ?





B) Link to patient details:


https://63konakanchihyndavi.blogspot.com/2021/05/case-discussion-on-liver-
abcess.html

QUESTIONS:


1) Cause of liver abcess in this patient ?


2) How do you approach this patient ?


3) Why do we treat here ; both amoebic and pyogenic liver abcess? 

4) Is there a way to confirmthe definitive diagnosis in this patient?

8) Infectious disease (Mucormycosis, Ophthalmology, Otorhinolaryngology,
Neurology) 10 Marks 

A) Link to patient details:

 
http://manikaraovinay.blogspot.com/2021/05/50male-came-in-altered-
sensorium.html

Questions :


1) What is the evolution of the symptomatology in this patient in terms of an
event timeline and where is the anatomical localization for the problem and
what is the primary etiology of the patient's problem?

2) What is the efficacy of drugs used along with other non pharmacological
 treatment modalities and how would  you approach this patient as a treating
physician?

3) What are the postulated reasons for a sudden apparent rise in the incidence
of mucormycosis in India at this point of time? 

9) Infectious Disease (Covid 19)

As  these patients are currently taking up more than 50% of our time we decided
to make a separate log link here:

http://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/05/covid-case-report-logs-from-may-
2021.html?m=1

for this question that contains details of many of our covid 19 patients
documented over this month and we would like you to:

1) Sort out these detailed patient case report logs into a single web page as a
master chart 

2) In the master chart classify the patient case report logs into mild,
moderate severe and 

3) indicate for each patient, the day of covid when their severity changed from
moderate to severe or vice versa recognized primarily through increasing or
decreasing oxygen requirements 

4) Indicate the sequence of specific terminal events for those who died with
severe covid (for example, altered sensorium, hypotension etc). 

Please check out the thesis log here for the example of a blogged master
chart https://vamsikrishna1996.blogspot.com/2020/10/thesis.html and please get
in touch with Dr Sai Charan PGY1 who is liasing between us and the MRD for this
project where we hope this data can allow us to get some clues on predicting
the factors driving recovery from covid 19.


10) Medical Education: (10 marks) 

Experiential learning is a very important method of Medical education and while
the E logs of the students in the questions above represent partly their and
their patient's experiences, reflective logging  of one's own experiences is a
vital tool toward competency development in medical education and research. A
sample answer to this last assignment around sharing your experience log of the
month can be seen in the link below but while this is by a student onsite in
hospital  and not locked down at home we would be very interested to learn
about your telemedical learning experiences from our hospital as well as
community  patients over the last month even while locked down at home: https:/
/onedrive.live.com/
view.aspx?resid=4EF578BAE67BA469!4180&ithint=file%2cdocx&authkey=!AOy7BpRTn42DBMo


 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 10:22 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** 3 comments: ***
   1. Kattekola_SathwikMay_27,_2021_at_6:05 AM
      Link to CARDIOLOGY CASE F is
      https://kattekolasathwik.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-case-of-cardiogenic-
      shock.html
      ReplyDelete
      Replies
            Reply
   2. Kattekola_SathwikMay_27,_2021_at_6:08 AM
      Link to CARDIOLOGY CASE F is
      https://kattekolasathwik.blogspot.com/2021/05/a-case-of-cardiogenic-
      shock.html
      ReplyDelete
      Replies
            Reply
   3. Bhuvana_phanindra_(bps)May_31,_2021_at_8:35 AM
      This comment has been removed by the author.
      ReplyDelete
      Replies
            Reply
Add comment
Load more...

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _▼ _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _▼ _ May (3)
                # Online_blended_bimonthly_assignment_toward_summati...
                # Covid_case_report_logs_from_May_2021
                # Outline_and_first_draft_of_Medical_education_book_...
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

