














Skip_to_main_content
____

**** Search This Blog ****
[q                   ]
[Search]
****** GM_UNIT3_CASE ******

**** GM case ****

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

 _March_23,_2021_
 Bi weekly Assesment:-
1)Anatomical diagnosis -? Glomerulosclerosis                                   
                                    Etiological diagnosis -  ?? Nephrotic
syndrome secondary to the diabetic nephropathy or CKD.   

  2)Reasons for I) Azotemia : impaired renal excretion of urea and creatinine
secondary to CKD.

 II) Anemia : decreased erythropoietin. 

III) Hypoalbunemia: capillary basement membrane and podocytes damage.

 IV)  acidosis: acidification of urine is lost.                               
      

3) Rationale : syp potchlor was given because of the hypokalemia.. Inj. NaHCO3
was given because of metabolic acidosis ..Insulin and antihypertensives are
given because known case of DM and HTN. Orofer XT was given because of anemia..
Inj. Lasix was given to decrease her volume overload. Spironolactone was given
it was a potassium sparing diuretic.Calcium was given to the patient  because
of hypocalcemia secondary to CKD. Indications of NaHCO3:metabolic acidosis in
cardiac arrest, Tricyclic antidepressants, aspirin and phenobarbitone
overdoses, Hyperkalemia, Crush injuries, C/I  in certain conditions because of
adverse reactions like Hypernatremia, metabolic alkalosis, cellulitis,
seizures, Tetany, sodium retention, peripheral edema.             

         4) indication of dialysis in this pt: worsening of SOB secondary to
metabolic acidosis with Anuria not resolved with high ceiling
diuretics...Crucial factor: pt became symptomatic on 3rd day....          

                            5) Causes of same condition : primary : Minimal
change disease, Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, Membranous nephropathy.   
Secondary : DM, SLE, HIV , Viral hepatitis, malaria, amyloidosis,  Sarcoidosis,
Drugs : Nsaids, gold, pencillamine Cancer: Hodgkin's and non Hodgkin's, solid
tumours of GIT, RCC and lung.

6)expected outcomes of ckd patients depend upon age,genes,associated co
morbidities                                   This patients condition may
deteriorate due to pleural effusion



https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5261605/



                               

7)association of ckd with hrpef

Activation of raas system

Anemia 

Hypercalcemia 

Hyperphosphatemia

Uremic toxins .these critically discuss the potentail contribution to coronary
dysfunction, left ventricular stiffening  and delayed left ventricular
relaxation

8)mean Hemoglobin levels,before and after study,in rhuepo group we’re 8.85+ or
- 1.01g/do and 9.90+ or - 0.29 g/dl,respectively(p less than 0.001) and in
control group were,9.00+ or -g/dl and 7.81 + or - g/dl,respectively

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4293514/

9)Anaemia contributes to the impairment of health-related quality of life
(HRQoL) in patients with CKD [7]. Its impact on patients’ HRQoL burden is
exacerbated by reduced physical capacity and energy levels among these
patients.

10)Malnutrition is an important complication in CRI patients and ESRD patients
on dialysis. SGA is a reliable method of assessing nutritional status. Most
important is the fact that it can detect the changing trend of nutritional
status, which may be missed by one-time anthropometry and biochemical methods.

11)this 58M had history of fever with cought and elevated tlc with indiacates
renal acute kidney injury.As well there is no albuminuria,no edema

In 45M had had pedal edema ,facial piffiness,abdominal distention,anuria with
clearly indicates nephrotic nephritic syndrome.and investigations showed that
there is microalbuminuria,micro haematuria.Therapy in is patient  

Etilogy of renal failure in 58M could be fever associated with cough which
might have increased leucocyte count and caused renal aki

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

**** Comments ****
*** Post a Comment ***

**** Popular posts from this blog ****
**** AUTOIMMUNE_CASE ****

 _August_11,_2020_
[Image]
Hello everyone.. I am Sai Teja, an intern posted in medicine department and one
of the important terms of getting the internship completion is to complete my
log book with my online log of what I learn during the course of my duties.
Here we discuss our individual patients problems through series of inputs from
available global online community of experts with an aim to solve those
patients clinical problems with collective current best evidence based inputs.
This E log book also reflects my patient-centred online learning portfolio and
your valuable inputs on the comment box is welcome. Here is a case i have seen
A 40 year old female resident of khammam who is a known hypertensive since 3
months came to opd with c/o bilateral swelling of lower limbs since 6 months,
Shortness of breath since 6 months,joint pains since 4 months, and facial
puffiness since one week, decreased urine output since 2 days Patient was
apparently asymptomatic 2 years back.She had h/o amenorrhea for which she w
Read_more

**** Dizziness_under_Evaluation ****

 _August_12,_2020_
[Image]
Hello everyone.. I am Sai Teja, an intern posted in medicine department and one
of the important terms of getting the internship completion is to complete my
log book with my online log of what I learn during the course of my duties.
Here we discuss our individual patients problems through series of inputs from
available global online community of experts with an aim to solve those
patients clinical problems with collective current best evidence based inputs.
This E log book also reflects my patient-centred online learning portfolio and
your valuable inputs on the comment box is welcome. Here is a case i have seen
A 28yr male patient resident of oligonda came with complaints of 
dizziness,lightheadedness,diplopia and vomiting since four days.H/o Trauma one
week back due to sudden hit by tailoring machine. Patient was apparently
asymptomatic one week back, then he had a history of trauma due to sudden hit
by tailoring machine following which he developed pain in lumbar region
radiating
Read_more
___Powered_by_Blogger
Theme images by Michael_Elkan


  saitej
Visit_profile

**** Archive ****

    * March_20211
    * August_20202
**** Report_Abuse ****
