
















Skip_to_main_content
____
****** G.Sainath ******

**** pre final theory exam ****

    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

 _December_10,_2022_
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-cYiwQuXVyug/Y5SEBiv4V3I/AAAAAAAAEhk/
bAOws7_3GIcoV8hXBJqN7Mp0aGmQ1tpDQCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670677492101823-0.png]
[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-lrIDry2hNRo/Y5SD8yhkvTI/AAAAAAAAEhg/
OjFod_1-q5En7KIG2cZplJ7PXwSdXh-ugCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670677476130078-1.png]

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-JdoLEd71wyA/Y5RjOgZAT9I/AAAAAAAAEhU/fehUJ-
vSLkIPKCHito5NdFJEnxQZ3NpVwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670669066940022-2.png]

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-SWzBwsLB_5g/Y5RjCtPwmdI/AAAAAAAAEhM/
1w8fmu4D7d8zWQY_nS5j3-5UO4XDWVnsgCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670669047878940-3.png]

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-y-_IFQ3bYng/Y5Ri9-02YkI/AAAAAAAAEhE/
zBPmUHJIh9sVwolFf7icDDVVU3rodo8sgCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670669029862355-4.png]

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-kdcOl6K6Bcc/Y5Ri5aobOsI/AAAAAAAAEhA/zl5E-
nZqA8MZmwPhJpd_zMMIibYMo0GhwCNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670669000251946-5.png]

[https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-fPEDF0u55IQ/Y5Rix-4Z-nI/AAAAAAAAEg8/
YWlxPua1HeAAosQNdZ9qi4erVoKEvhokACNcBGAsYHQ/s1600/1670668958761882-6.png]



    *     Get link
    *     Facebook
    *     Twitter
    *     Pinterest
    *     Email
    *     Other Apps

**** Popular posts from this blog ****
**** 58_year_old_man_with_chief_complaint_of_fever_and_pedal_adema_since_15
days ****

 _March_13,_2022_
[Image]
This is an online E log book to discuss our patient's de-identified health data
shared after taking his/her/guardian's signed informed consent. Here we discuss
our individual patient's problems through series of inputs from available
global online community of experts with an aim to solve those patients clinical
problems with collective current best evidence based inputs. This e-log book
also reflects my patient centered online learning portfolio and your valuable
inputs on comment box is welcome . 58 years old Man resident of bhongir 
 farmer by occupation presented to opd with chief complaint of abodminal
distension HISTORY OF PRESENTING ILLNESS patient was asymptomatic 6months back
later he developed pedal edema  On local doctor visit reported about kidney
problem  Doctor suggested to have dialysis  Then he had dialysis sessions for 5
months  Then he presented to our hospital for dialysis and also with abdominal
distension  PAST HISTORY known case of hypertension since 6
Read_more

**** blog ****

 _December_01,_2022_
[Image]
19 Year old male with fever and lower backache November 30, 2022   This is an
online e log book to discuss our patient de-identified health data shared after
taking his / her / guardians signed informed consent. Here we discuss our
individual patients problems through series of inputs from available global
online community of experts with an aim to solve those patients clinical
problem with collective current best evident based input . This E blog also
reflects my patient centered online learning portfolio and your valuable inputs
on the comment box is welcome. I have been given this case to solve in an
attempt to understand the topic of " patient clinical data analysis" to develop
my competency in reading and comprehending clinical data including history,
clinical findings, investigations and come up with diagnosis and treatment
plan. This is a case of 19 year old male hailing from mirylaguda who is
intermediate second year student came to general medicine OPD with chief com
Read_more

**** blog ****

 _December_01,_2022_
[Image]
November 30, 2022 This is an online e-log book to discuss our patient's de-
identified health data shared after taking his/her/guardian's informed consent.
Here we discuss our individual patient's problems through series of inputs from
available global online community of experts with an aim to solve those
patient's clinical problems with collective current best evidence based inputs.
A 55 year old male patient, daily labourer by occupation, resident of
Narketpally, came to our hospital with cheif complaint of fever. Date of
admission:- November 27, 2022 History of present illness:- Patient was
apparently asymptomatic 5 days back and developed fever which is of high grade,
not associated with chills and rigors, fever is nocturnal and not relieved on
taking medication and developed generalized weakness and dragging type of pain
of both lower limbs since 3 days and increased frequency of stools since 3
days. No history of cold and cough No history of bleeding from gums No
Read_more
___Powered_by_Blogger
**** Report_Abuse ****

