
















****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Monday, October 3, 2022 *****



**** From competence based dynamic ontology to a static ontology for medical
education ****
Please refer to our previous post on competence based education that was more
to do with creating a competence based dynamic ontology here: https://
medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2022/07/cbme-general-medicine-topics-
and.html?m=0, 
although the topics and subtopics below can still be utilized to create a
dynamic user driven ontology that we shall share in another post with links to
all the user driven projects that are ongoing in medicine department. 


IM1.1


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the epidemiology, pathogenesis clinical
evolution and course of common causes of heart disease including: rheumatic/
valvular, ischemic, hypertrophic inflammatory




IM1.2


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the genetic basis of some forms of heart failure


IM1.3


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the aetiology microbiology pathogenies and
clinical evolution of rheumatic fever, criteria, degree of rheumatic activity
and rheumatic valvular heart disease and its complications including infective
endocarditis


IM1.4


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Stage heart failure


IM1.5


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe, discuss and differentiate the processes involved in R V &
LV  heart failure, systolic vs diastolic failure


IM1.6


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the compensatory mechanisms involved in heart
failure including cardiac remodelling and neurohormonal adaptations




IM1.7


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Enumerate, describe and discuss the factors that exacerbate heart
failure dietary factors drugs etc.




IM1.8


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the pathogenesis and development of common
arrythmias involved in heart failure particularly atrial fibrillation




IM1.9


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the clinical presentation and features,
diagnosis, recognition and management of acute rheumatic fever




IM1.10


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Elicit document and present an appropriate history that will
establish the diagnosis, cause and severity of heart failure including:
presenting complaints, precipitating and exacerbating factors, risk factors
exercise tolerance, changes in sleep patterns, features suggestive of infective
endocarditis




IM1.11


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Perform and demonstrate a systematic examination based on the history
that will help establish the diagnosis and estimate its severity including:
measurement of pulse, blood pressure and respiratory rate, jugular venous forms
and pulses, peripheral pulses, conjunctiva and fundus, lung, cardiac
examination including palpation and auscultation with identification of heart
sounds and murmurs, abdominal distension and splenic palpation




IM1.12


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Demonstrate peripheral pulse, volume, character, quality and
variation in various causes of heart failure




IM1.13


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Measure the blood pressure accurately, recognise and discuss
alterations in blood pressure in valvular heart disease and other causes of
heart failure and cardiac tamponade




IM1.14


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Demonstrate and measure jugular venous distension




IM1.15


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Identify and describe the timing, pitch quality conduction and
significance of precordial murmurs and their variations










IM1.16


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Generate a differential diagnosis based on the clinical presentation
and prioritise it based on the most likely diagnosis




IM1.17


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Order and interpret diagnostic testing based on the clinical
diagnosis including 12 lead ECG, Chest radiograph, blood cultures




IM1.18


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Perform and interpret a 12 lead ECG




IM1.19


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Enumerate the indications for and describe the findings of heart
failure with the following conditions including: 2D echocardiography, brain
natriuretic peptide, exercise testing, nuclear medicine testing and coronary
angiogram




IM1.20


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Determine the severity of valvular heart disease based on the
clinical and laboratory and imaging features and determine the level of
intervention required including surgery




IM1.21


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss and identify the clinical features of acute and
subacute endocarditis, echocardiographic findings, blood culture and
sensitivity and therapy




IM1.22


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Assist and demonstrate the proper technique in collecting specimen
for blood culture




IM1.23


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe, prescribe and communicate non pharmacologic management of
heart failure including sodium restriction, physical activity and limitations




IM1.24


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the pharmacology of drugs including indications,
contraindications in the management of heart failure including diuretics, ACE
inhibitors, Beta blockers, aldosterone antagonists and cardiac glycosides




IM1.25


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Enumerate the indications for valvuloplasty, valvotomy, coronary
revascularization and cardiac transplantation




IM1.26


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Develop document and present a management plan for patients with
heart failure based on type of failure, underlying aetiology




IM1.27


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Describe and discuss the role of penicillin prophylaxis in the
prevention of rheumatic heart disease






IM1.28


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Enumerate the causes of adult presentations of congenital heart
disease and describe the distinguishing features between cyanotic and acyanotic
heart disease




IM1.29


Topic: Heart Failure


Subtopic: Elicit document and present an appropriate history, demonstrate
correctly general examination, relevant clinical findings and formulate
document and present a management plan for an adult patient presenting with a
common form of congenital heart disease




IM1.30


Topic: Heart Failure

Subtopic: Administer an intramuscular injection with an appropriate
 explanation to the patient





IM 2.1


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss and describe the epidemiology, antecedents and risk factors
for atherosclerosis and ischemic heart disease






IM 2.2 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss the aetiology of risk factors both modifiable and non
modifiable of atherosclerosis and IHD






IM2.3 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss and describe the lipid cycle and the role of dyslipidemia in
the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis






IM2.4 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss and describe the pathogenesis natural history, evolution and
complications of atherosclerosis and IHD






IM 2.5 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Define the various acute coronary syndromes and describe their
evolution, natural history and outcomes






IM 2.6 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Elicit document and present an appropriate history that includes
onset evolution, presentation risk factors, family history, comorbid
conditions, complications, medication, history of atherosclerosis, IHD and
coronary syndromes






IM 2.7 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Perform, demonstrate and document a physical examination including a
vascular and cardiac examination that is appropriate for the clinical
presentation 




IM 2.8 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Generate document and present a differential diagnosis based on


The clinical presentation and prioritise based on “cannot miss”, most


Likely diagnosis and severity




IM 2.9 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Distinguish and differentiate between stable and unstable angina and
Ami based on clinical presentation 






IM 2.10


Topic:-Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Order, perform and interpret an ECG






IM 2.11


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- order and interpret a Chest X-ray and markers of acute myocardial
infarction




IM 2.12 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-


Choose and interpret a lipid profile and identify the desirable lipid profile
in the clinical context






IM 2.13


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-


Discuss and enumerate the indications for and findings on echocardiogram,
stress testing and coronary angiogram




IM 2.14


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- 


Discuss and describe the indications for admission to a coronary care unit and
supportive therapy for a patient with acute coronary syndrome




IM 2.15


Topic:-Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-


Discuss and describe the medications used in patients with an acute coronary
syndrome based on the clinical presentation




IM 2.16 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Discuss and describe the indications for acute thrombolysis, PTCA
and CABG




IM 2.17 


Topic:-Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss and describe the indications and methods of cardiac
rehabilitation




IM 2.18


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Discuss and describe the indications, formulations, doses, side
effects and monitoring for drugs used in the management of dyslipidemia




IM 2.19 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Discuss and describe the pathogenesis, recognition and management of
complications of acute coronary syndromes


Including arrhythmias, shock, LV dysfunction, papillary muscle


Rupture and pericarditis




IM 2.20 


Topic:-Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Discuss and describe the assessment and relief of pain in acute


Coronary syndromes




IM 2.21 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-


Observe and participate in a controlled environment an ACLS program




IM 2.22


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Perform and demonstrate in a mannequin BLS




IM 2.23


Topic:-Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the indications for nitrates, anti platelet
agents, gpIIb IIIa inhibitors, beta blockers, ACE inhibitors etc in the
management of coronary syndromes




IM 2.24 


Topic:- Acute Myocardial Infarction/ IHD




Subtopic:- Counsel and communicate to patients with empathy lifestyle changes
in atherosclerosis / post coronary syndromes







TOPIC 3 – PNEUMONIA 




IM3.1

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : community acquired pneumonia, nosocomial pneumonia and aspiration
pneumonia


IM3.2

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : aetiologies of various kinds of pneumonia and their microbiology
depending on the setting and immune status of the host


IM3.3

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : pathogenesis, presentation, natural history and complications of
pneumonia


IM3.4

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : evolution, risk factors including immune status and occupational
risk


IM3.5

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : physical examination including general examination and appropriate
examination of the lungs that establishes the diagnosis, complications and
severity of disease


IM3.6

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : differential diagnosis based on the clinical features, and
prioritise the diagnosis based on the presentation


IM3.7

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : interpret diagnostic tests based on the clinical presentation
including: CBC, Chest X ray PA view, Mantoux, sputum gram stain, sputum culture
and sensitivity, pleural fluid examination and culture, HIV testing and ABG




IM3.8

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : arterial blood gas examination


IM3.9

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : pleural fluid analysis


IM3.10

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : blood culture


IM3.11

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : HRCT, Viral cultures, PCR and specialised testing


IM3.12

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : aetiology, an appropriate empirical antimicrobial based on the
pharmacology and antimicrobial spectrum


IM3.13

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : culture and sensitivity appropriate empaling antimicrobial based on
the pharmacology and antimicrobial spectrum


IM3.14

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic :  sputum gram stain and AFB


IM3.15

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : the indications for hospitalisation in patients with pneumonia


IM3.16

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : the indications for isolation and barrier nursing in patients with
pneumonia


IM3.17

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : the supportive therapy in patients with pneumonia including oxygen
use and indications for ventilation




IM3.18

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : counsel patient on family on the diagnosis and therapy of pneumonia


IM3.19

Topic : pneumonia

Subtopic : indications and communicate to patients on pneumococcal and
influenza vaccines


IM4.1

Topic: Fever and febrile syndromes

Describe and discuss the febrile response and the influence of host immune
status, risk factors and comorbidities on the febrile response

IM4.25 Communicate to the patient and family the diagnosis and treatment



IM5.1

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

The physiologic and biochemical basis of hyperbilirubinemia 


IM5.2

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC  - the aetiology and pathophysiology of liver injury 


IM5.3

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC – the pathologic changes in various forms of liver disease 


IM5.4

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC  - Epidemiology, microbiology, immunology and clinical evolution of
infective (viral) hepatitis 


IM5.5

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC -  The pathophysiology and clinical evolution of alcoholic liver
disease


IM5.6

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC – The pathophysiology, clinical evolution and complications of
cirrhosis and portal hypertension including ascites, spontaneous bacterial
peritonitis, hepatorenal syndrome and hepatic encephalopathy


 IM5.7

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- The causes and pathophysiology of drug induced liver injury 


 IM5.8

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- The pathophysiology, clinical evolution and complications
cholelithiasis and cholecystitis 


IM5.9

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC – Elicit document and present a medical history that helps delineate
the aetiology of the current presentation and includes clinical presentation,
risk factors, drug use, sexual history, vaccination history and family history 


IM5.10 

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC – systematic examination that establishes the diagnosis and severity
that includes nutritional status, mental status, jaundice, abdominal distension
ascites, features of portosystemic hypertension and hepatic encephalopathy 


IM5.11

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC-  Generate a differential diagnosis and prioritise based on clinical
features that suggest a specific aetiology for the presenting symptom 


IM5.12 

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- Choose and interpret appropriate diagnostic tests including: CBC,
bilirubin,function tests.


IM5.13 

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC -  Enumerate the indications for ultrasound and other imaging studies
including MRCP and ERCP and describe the findings in liver disease 


IM5.14

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC-  Outline a diagnostic approach to liver disease based on
hyperbilirubinemia, liver function changes and hepatitis serology


IM.15

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- Assist in the performance and interpret the findings of an ascitic
fluid analysis


IM5.16 

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- The management of hepatitis, cirrhosis, portal hypertension, ascites
spontaneous, bacterial peritonitis and hepatic encephalopathy 


IM5.17  

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC- Enumerate the indications, precautions and counsel patients on
vaccination for hepatitis


IM5.18

TOPIC- LIVER DISEASE

SUBTOPIC – Enumerate the indications for hepatic transplantation

Topic: HIV

IM6.1 Describe and discuss the symptoms and signs of acute HIV seroconversion

Topic: Rheumatologic problems

IM7.1 Describe the pathophysiology of autoimmune disease

IM 8.1


Topic:- HYPERTENSION




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the epidemiology, aetiology and the prevalence
of primary and secondary hypertension




IM 8.2


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the pathophysiology of hypertension






IM 8.3


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the genetic basis of hypertension




IM8.4


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Define and classify hypertension




IM 8.5 


Topic:- HYPERTENSION




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the differences between primary and


Secondary hypertension




IM 8.6


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Define, describe and discuss and recognise hypertensive urgency






IM 8.7


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the clinical manifestations of the various
aetiologies of secondary causes of hypertension




IM 8.8 


Topic:-HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Describe, discuss and identify target organ damage due to
hypertension




IM 8.9


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Elicit document and present a medical history that includes: duration
and levels, symptoms, comorbidities, lifestyle, risk factors, family history,
psychosocial and environmental factors, dietary assessment, previous and
concomitant therapy




IM 8.10


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:- Perform a systematic examination that includes : an accurate of
measurement of blood pressure, fundus examination, examination of vasculature
and heart




IM 8.11


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:-Generate a differential diagnosis and prioritise based on clinical
features that suggest a specific aetiology




IM 8.12


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 


Subtopic:-Describe the appropriate diagnostic work up based on the presumed
aetiology




IM 8.13


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:- Enumerate the indications for and interpret the results of : CBC,
Urine routine, BUN, Cr, Electrolytes, Uric acid, ECG






IM 8.14


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:- Develop an appropriate treatment plan for essential hypertension




IM 8.15


Topic:- HYPERTENSION


Subtopic:-Recognise, prioritise and manage hypertensive emergencies




IM 8.16


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 




Subtopic:- Develop and communicate to the patient lifestyle modification


Including weight reduction, moderation of alcohol intake, physical


Activity and sodium intake




IM 8.17


Topic:- HYPERTENSION 


Subtopic:-Perform and interpret a 12 lead ECG




IM 8.18


Topic:- HYPERTENSION

Subtopic:-Incorporate patient preferences in the management of HTN







TOPIC 09 - ANEMIA




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.1 Define, describe and classify anemia based on red blood cell size and
reticulocyte count ? 




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.2 Describe and discuss the morphological characteristics, aetiology and
prevalence of each of the causes of anemia




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.3 Elicit document and present a medical history that includes symptoms,
risk factors including GI bleeding, prior history, medications, menstrual
history, and family history




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.4 Perform a systematic examination that includes : general examination for
pallor, oral examination, DOAP session of hyper dynamic circulation, lymph node
and splenic examination




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.5 Generate a differential diagnosis and prioritise based on clinical
features that suggest a specific aetiology




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.6 Describe the appropriate diagnostic work up based on the


Presumed aetiology




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.7 Describe and discuss the meaning and utility of various components


Of the hemogram




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.8 Describe and discuss the various tests for iron deficiency




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.9 Order and interpret tests for anemia including hemogram, red cell


Indices, reticulocyte count, iron studies, B12 and folate


TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.10 Describe, perform and interpret a peripheral smear and stool occult


Blood




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.11 Describe the indications and interpret the results of a bone marrow
aspirations and biopsy




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.12 Describe, develop a diagnostic plan to determine the aetiology of anemia




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.13 Prescribe replacement therapy with iron, B12, folate




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : IM9.14 Describe the national programs for anemia prevention




TOPIC :ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : IM9.15 Communicate the diagnosis and the treatment appropriately to
patients




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.16 Incorporate patient preferences in the management of anemia




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC: 


IM9.17 Describe the indications for blood transfusion and the appropriate use
of blood components




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.18 Describe the precautions required necessary when performing a blood
transfusion




TOPIC : ANEMIA


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.19 Assist in a blood transfusion




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : 


IM9.20 Communicate and counsel patients with methods to prevent


Nutritional anemia




TOPIC : ANEMIA 


SUBTOPIC : IM9.21 Determine the need for specialist consultation


Topic: Acute Kidney Injury and Chronic renal failure

IM10.1 Define, describe and differentiate between acute and chronic renal 
failure






TOPIC 11 – DIABETES MELLITUS


IM11.1

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS

 

Subtopic:- Define and classify diabetes


IM 11.2

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the epidemiology and pathogenesis and risk
factors and clinical evolution of type 1 diabetes


IM 11.3

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Describe and discuss the epidemiology and pathogenesis and risk

factors economic impact and clinical evolution of type 2 diabetes


IM 11.4

Topic:-DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Describe and discuss the genetic background and the influence of

the environment on diabetes


IM 11.5

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the pathogenesis and temporal evolution of

microvascular and macro-vascular complications of diabetes


IM 11.6

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Describe and discuss the pathogenesis and precipitating factors,

recognition and management of diabetic emergencies



IM 11.7

Topic:-DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Elicit document and present a medical history that will
differentiate the aetiologies of diabetes including risk factors, precipitating
factors, lifestyle, nutritional history, family history, medication history,
co-morbidities and target organ disease


IM 11.8

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Perform a systematic examination that establishes the diagnosis and
severity that includes skin, peripheral pulses, blood pressure measurement,
fundus examination, detailed examination of the foot (pulses, nervous and
deformities and injuries)


IM 11.9 

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Sub topic :- Describe and recognise the clinical features of patients who
present with a diabetic emergency



IM 11.10 

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Generate a differential diagnosis and prioritise based on clinical
features that suggest a specific aetiology


IM 11.11

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Order and interpret laboratory tests to diagnose diabetes and its
complications including: glucoses, glucose tolerance test,glycosylated
hemoglobin, urinary micro albumin, ECG, electrolytes ABG, ketones, renal
function tests and lipid profile



IM 11.12

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Sub topic:- Perform and interpret a capillary blood glucose test



IM 11.13 

Topic :- DIABETES MELLITUS

 

Subtopic:-Perform and interpret a urinary ketone estimation with a dipstick




IM 11.14

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:-Recognise the presentation of hypoglycaemia and outline the

principles on its therapy


IM 11.15

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic :- Recognise the presentation of diabetic emergencies and outline the

principles of therapy


IM 11.16

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Discuss and describe the pharmacologic therapies for diabetes their

indications, contraindications, adverse reactions and interactions



IM 11.17 

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:-Outline a therapeutic approach to therapy of T2Diabetes based on

presentation, severity and complications in a cost effective manner




IM 11.18

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:-Describe and discuss the pharmacology, indications, adverse reactions
and interactions of drugs used in the prevention and treatment of target organ
damage and complications of Type II Diabetes including neuropathy, nephropathy,
retinopathy, hypertension, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease


IM 11.19

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:- Demonstrate and counsel patients on the correct technique to
administer insulin



IM 11.20 

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Demonstrate to and counsel patients on the correct technique of self
monitoring of blood glucoses


IM 11.21 

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:- Recognise the importance of patient preference while selecting
therapy for diabetes



IM 11.22

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:-Enumerate the causes of hypoglycaemia and describe the counter
hormone response and the initial approach and treatment



IM 11.23

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS


Subtopic:-Describe the precipitating causes, pathophysiology, recognition,
clinical features, diagnosis, stabilisation and

management of diabetic ketoacidosis



IM 11.24

Topic:- DIABETES MELLITUS 


Subtopic:- Describe the precipitating causes, pathophysiology, recognition,
clinical features, diagnosis, stabilisation and management of Hyperosmolar non
ketotic state



TOPIC 12 - THYROID


IM 12.1


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : epidemiology and pathogenesis of hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism
including the influence of iodine deficiency and autoimmunity in the
pathogenesis of thyroid disease




IM 12.2


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic: Genetic basis of some forms of thyroid dysfunction




IM12.3


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : Physiology of the hypothalamopituitary – thyroid axis, principles of
thyroid function testing and alterations in physiologic function




IM12.4 


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : Principles of radio iodine uptake in the diagnosis of thyroid
disorder




M12.5


Topic : Thyroid 


Subtopic : Document and present an appropriate history that will establish the
diagnosis cause of thyroid dysfunction and its severity




IM12.6


Topic : Thyroid 


Subtopic : Perform and demonstrate a systematic examination based on the
history that will help establish the diagnosis and severity including systemic
signs of thyrotoxicosis and hypothyroidism, palpation of the pulse rate and
rhythm abnormalities neck palpation of thyroid and lymph nodes and
cardiovascular findings.




IM12.7 


Topic : Thyroid 


Subtopic :  The correct technique to palpate the thyroid




IM12.8


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : Generate a differential diagnosis based on the clinical presentation
and prioritise it based on the most likely diagnosis




IM12.9


Topic : Thyroid 


Subtopic : Order and interpret diagnostic testing based on the clinical
diagnosis including CBC, thyroid function tests and ECG and radio iodine uptake
and scan




IM12.10


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : Identify atrial fibrillation, pericardial effusion and bradycardia
on ECG




IM12.11


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic :  Interpreting thyroid function tests in hypo and hyperthyroidism




IM12.12


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : The iodisation programs of the government of India




IM12.13


Topic : Thyroid


Subtopic : Pharmacology, indications, adverse reaction, interactions of
thyroxine and antithyroid drugs




IM12.14


Topic : Thyroid

Subtopic : Write and communicate to the patient appropriately a prescription
for thyroxine based on age, sex, and clinical and biochemical status


IM12.15

Topic : Thyroid

Subtopic: The indications of thionamide therapy, radio iodine therapy and
surgery in the management of thyrotoxicosis





IM13.1


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the clinical epidemiology and inherited & modifiable risk
factors for common malignancies in India




IM13.2


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the genetic basis of selected cancers




IM13.3


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the relationship between infection and cancers




IM13.4


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the natural history, presentation, course, complications
and cause of death for common cancers




IM13.5


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the common issues encountered in patients at the end of
life and principles of management




IM13.6


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe and distinguish the difference between curative and
palliative care in patients with cancer




IM13.7


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Elicit document and present a history that will help establish the
aetiology of cancer and includes the appropriate risk factors, duration and
evolution 




IM13.8


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Perform and demonstrate a physical examination that includes an
appropriate general and local examination that excludes the diagnosis, extent
spread and complications of cancer




IM13.9


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Demonstrate in a mannequin the correct technique for performing
breast exam rectal examination and cervical examination and Pap smear 




IM13.10


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Generate a differential diagnosis based on the presenting symptoms
and clinical features and prioritise based on the most likely diagnosis




IM13.11


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Order and interpret diagnostic testing based on the clinical
diagnosis including CBC and stool occult blood and prostate specific antigen 




IM13.12


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the indications and interpret the results of Chest X Ray,
mammogram, skin and tissue biopsies and tumor markers used in common cancers




IM13.13


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe and assess pain and suffering objectively in a patient with
cancer






IM13.14


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the indications for surgery, radiation and chemotherapy for
common malignancies 




IM13.15


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the need, tests involved, their utility in the prevention
of common malignancies 




IM13.16


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Demonstrate an understanding and needs and preferences of patients
when choosing curative and palliative therapy




IM13.17


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe and enumerate the indications, use, side effects of
narcotics in pain alleviation in patients with cancer




IM13.18


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe and discuss the ethical and the medico legal issues
involved in end of life care


IM13.19


Topic: COMMON MALIGNANCIES




Subtopic:- Describe the therapies used in alleviating suffering in patients at
the end of life 

Topic: Obesity

IM14.1 Define and measure obesity as it relates to the Indian population

Topic: GI bleeding

IM15.1 Enumerate, describe and discuss the aetiology of upper and lower 
GI bleeding






IM 16   Diarrheal disorder  






IM16.1


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Describe and discuss the aetiology of acute and chronic diarrhea
including infectious and non infectious causes






IM16.2


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Describe and discuss the acute systemic consequences of diarrhea
including its impact on fluid balance






IM16.3


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Describe and discuss the chronic effects of diarrhea including
malabsorption






IM16.4


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Elicit and document and present an appropriate history that includes
the natural history, dietary history, travel , sexual history and other
concomitant illnesse






IM16.5


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Perform, document and demonstrate a physical examination based on the
history that includes general examination, including an appropriate abdominal
examination




IM16.6


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Distinguish between diarrhea and dysentery based on clinical features




IM16.7


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Generate a differential diagnosis based on the presenting symptoms
and clinical features and prioritise based on the most likely diagnosis




IM16.8


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Choose and interpret diagnostic tests based on the clinical
diagnosis including complete blood count, and stool examination




IM16.9


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Identify common parasitic causes of diarrhea under the microscope in
a stool specimen






IM16.10


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Identify vibrio cholera in a hanging drop specimen




IM16.11


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Enumerate the indications for stool cultures and blood cultures in
patients with acute diarrhea






IM16.12


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Enumerate and discuss the indications for further investigations
 including antibodies, colonoscopy, diagnostic imaging and biopsy in the
diagnosis of chronic diarrhea






IM16.13


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Describe and enumerate the indications, pharmacology and side effects
of pharmacotherapy for parasitic causes of diarrhea






IM16.14


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Describe and enumerate the indications, pharmacology and side effects
of pharmacotherapy for bacterial and viral diarrhea




IM16.15


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic  : Distinguish based on the clinical presentation Crohn’s disease from
Ulcerative Colitis




IM16.16


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic : Describe and enumerate the indications, pharmacology and side
effects of pharmacotherapy including immunotherapy




IM16.17


Topic: Diarrheal disorder  


Subtopic :Describe and enumerate the indications for surgery in inflammatory
bowel disease








IM17.1


TOPIC- HEADACHE


Define and classify headache and describe the presenting features,
 precipitating factors, aggravating and relieving factors of various kinds of
headache




IM17.2


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC  - Elicit and document and present an appropriate history including
 aura, precipitating aggravating and relieving factors, associated symptoms
that help identify the cause of headaches 


IM17.3


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC -  Classify migraine and describe the distinguishing features between
 classical and non classical forms of migraine






IM17.4


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC  - Perform and demonstrate a general neurologic examination and a
 focused examination for signs of intracranial tension including neck  signs of
meningitis




IM17.5


TOPIC-HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC-Generate document and present a differential diagnosis based on  the
clinical features and prioritise the diagnosis based on the presentation.




IM17.6


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC -Choose and interpret diagnostic testing based on the clinical
 diagnosis including imaging






 IM17.7


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC-Enumerate the indications and describe the findings in the CSF in 


Patients with meningitis






 IM17.8


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC-Demonstrate in a mannequin or equivalent the


Correct technique for performing a lumbar puncture






IM17.9


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC – Interpret the CSF findings when presented with various parameters
 of CSF fluid analysis








IM17.10 


TOPIC-HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC -  Enumerate the indications for emergency care admission and
 immediate supportive care in patients with headache




IM17.11


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC-Describe the indications, pharmacology, dose, side effects of
 abortive therapy in migraine








IM17.12 


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC- Describe the indications, pharmacology, dose, side effects of
 prophylactic therapy in migraine



IM17.13 


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC – Describe the pharmacology, dose, adverse reactions and regimens  of
drugs used in the treatment of bacterial, tubercular and viral meningitis.



IM17.14


TOPIC- HEADACHE


SUBTOPIC-Counsel patients with migraine and tension headache on lifestyle
 changes and need for prophylactic therapy

Topic: Cerebrovascular accident

IM18.1 Describe the functional and the vascular
anatomy of the brain

Topic: Movement disorders

IM19.1 Describe the functional anatomy of the locomotor system of the 
brain

Topic: Envenomation

IM20.1 Enumerate the local poisonous snakes 
and describe the distinguishing marks of each





IM21.1


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Describe the initial approach to the stabilisation of the patient
who presents with poisoning. 




IM21.2


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic :Enumerate the common plant poisons seen in your area and describe
their toxicology, clinical features, prognosis and specific approach to
detoxification 




IM21.3


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Enumerate the common corrosives used in your area and describe their
toxicology, clinical features, prognosis and approach to therapy




IM21.4


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Enumerate the commonly observed drug overdose in your area and
describe their toxicology, clinical features, prognosis and approach to therapy




IM21.5


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Observe and describe the functions and role of a poison center in
suspected poisoning




IM21.6


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Describe the medico legal aspects of suspected suicidal or homicidal
poisoning and demonstrate the correct procedure to write a medico legal report
on a suspected poisoning




IM21.7


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Counsel family members of a patient with suspected poisoning about
the clinical and medico legal aspects with empathy




IM21.8


Topic: Poisoning


Subtopic : Enumerate the indications for psychiatric consultation and describe
the precautions to be taken in a patient with suspected suicidal ideation /
gesture





IM22 Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder   




IM22.1


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder   


Subtopic : Enumerate the causes of hypercalcemia and distinguish the features
of PTH vs non PTH mediated hl




IM22.2


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic  : Describe the aetiology, clinical manifestations, diagnosis and
clinical approach to primary hyperparathyroidism




IM22.3


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic :Describe the approach to the management of hypercalcemia





IM22.4


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Enumerate the components and describe the genetic basis of the
multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome




IM22.5


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder

Subtopic :Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical features and the
correct approach to the diagnosis and management of the patient with
hyponatremia








IM22.6


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic :Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features and the correct approach to the diagnosis and management of the
patient with hyponatremia








IM22.7


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features and the correct approach to the diagnosis and management of the
patient with hypokalemia






IM22.8


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic :Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features and the correct approach to the diagnosis and management of the
patient with hyperkalemia










IM22.9


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features of metabolic acidosis




IM22.10


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic :Enumerate the causes of describe the clinical and laboratory features
of metabolic alkalosis




IM22.11


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features of respiratory acidosis




IM22.12


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Enumerate the causes and describe the clinical and laboratory
features of respiratory alkalosis




IM22.13


Topic: Mineral, Fluid Electrolyte and Acid base Disorder


Subtopic : Identify the underlying acid based disorder based on an ABG report
and clinical situation



TOPIC 23 – NUTRITION AND VITAMINE DEFICIENCIES 


IM23.1


Topic : Nutrition and vitamin deficiencies Subtopic :Discuss and describe the
methods of nutritional assessment in an adult and calculation of caloric
requirements during illnesses .




IM23.2 


Topic :Nutrition and Vitamin deficiencies 


Subtopic :Discuss and describe the causes and consequences of protein caloric
malnutrition in the hospital KK  




IM23.3


Topic : Nutrition and Vitamin deficiencies Subtopic : Discuss and describe the
aetiology, causes, clinical manifestations, complications, diagnosis and
management of common vitamin deficiencies .




 IM23.4


Topic : Nutrition and Vitamin deficiencies Subtopic :Enumerate the indications
for enteral and parenteral nutrition in critically ill patients 




IM23.5

Topic : Nutrition and Vitamin deficiencies
Subtopic :Counsel and communicate to patients in a simulated environment with
illness on an appropriate balanced diet.
Topic: Geriatrics
IM24.1 Describe and discuss the epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical evolution,
presentation and course of common diseases in the elderly

25.1 Topic: Miscellaneous Infections :
immune status, risk factors and comorbidities on zoonotic diseases (e.g.
Leptospirosis, Rabies) and non-febrile infectious disease (e.g. Tetanus)

26.1 Topic: The role of the physician in the community
IM26.2 Describe and discuss the commitment to lifelong learning as an important
part of physician growth IM26.3 Describe and discuss the role of non
maleficence as a guiding principle in patient care IM26.4 Describe and discuss
the role of autonomy and shared responsibility as a guiding principle in
patient care IM26.5 Describe and discuss the role of beneficence of a guiding
principle in patient care  IM26.6 Describe and discuss the role of a physician
in health care system
IM26.7 Describe and discuss the role of justice as a guiding principle in
patient care IM26.8 Identify discuss medicolegal, socioeconomic and ethical
issues as it pertains to organ donation IM26.9 Identify, discuss and defend
medicolegal, sociocultural, economic and ethical issues as it pertains to
rights, equity and justice in access to health care IM26.10 Identify, discuss
and defend medicolegal, socio-cultural and ethical issues as it pertains to
confidentiality in patient care
IM26.49 Administer informed consent and approriately adress patient queries to
a patient
[https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/
AVvXsEika8njlhrOSbofCegzm511nSta0CB5sNZeaC7r6DFf4b83gJo_Z0eKSartbTUG4vCCzKHx8MBSbxBdb9_si2g_mqgohFUU1rPfbgjXvvWbKFaUVhGFOCRf4_nfVJ6jNFhmUiJk8s6rZgTwYKUMK3GoEUtVUD5ND4LhydKGqwYvF4XYDFYkNVVXb08N/
w640-h480/IMG20220908095006.jpg]


 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 10:53 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _▼ _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _▼ _ October (5)
                # 2018_online_learning_portfolio_assessment_(partial)
                # Departmental_Senior_Resident_online_learning_portf...
                # NMC_topic_and_subtopic_codes
                # From_competence_based_dynamic_ontology_to_a_static...
                # Current_state_of_Case_Report_PaJR_poem_(2_States)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _► _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (21)
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

