
















****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Monday, May 11, 2020 *****



**** Web log driven online learning portfolios for Daily Formative assessments
****
To take you to the point where you may be able to appreciate how and why web
log books can be used as a valuable learning tool that can positively impact
patient outcomes in this hospital I shall try to begin this journey from our
current existing paper based log books. Shared below are some images of its key
pages each of which I shall discuss separately again below regarding their
importance and how web-logbooks can improve on them.

Figure 1
[https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-M0WuLPDu4cQ/XE3HqGruOlI/AAAAAAAAPbk/
avDkZYgUfAAxKACycMCfXO0YLhUUb4M1gCLcBGAs/s320/IMG20190118124106.jpg]


Figure 1 shows the first important page that you see in your log book and it
appears to be all about yourself as a PG. What would you like to write about
yourself has been suggested although I am not sure if that actually tells us a
lot about what you have already attained in your previous years of graduation
in terms of your learning. It just tells us that you have cleared some memory
based exams to reach your current position.

Figure 2

[https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-h9mnGDA7O_U/XE3KHSdPXTI/AAAAAAAAPbw/
xDe3g5BQM8MIHss-4ExMUI49l68RXoQIACLcBGAs/s320/IMG20190118124329.jpg]


Figure 2 shows the next page in your log book which is about evaluation of your
clinical work day wise. Now considering that you will be working everyday as a
PG 365 days a year, I guess the number of pages are grossly inadequate? ðŸ¤”ðŸ˜¬


Now there are three more type of slots in your log book meant to assess the
kind of presentations you have made in terms of 'Journal review,' seminar and
case presentation.

So now that you know the university log book requirements well, we just need to
come to the most important part of our session and that is how would expanding
this paper based log book workflow into a web based log book (and online
learning portfolio) be useful for you or the institution.

Here's an online log book from a PG in RIMs Ranchi, India where you can notice
the first page of the bio data although not the other pages like day to day
work or case presentations or seminars or journal reviews although you can see
a lot of his seminar based publications in the past done in his UG and early PG
years


Online_learning_portfolio_on_research_gateÂ 

Here's an online log book (web based portfolio) from a PG in AIIMS Delhi and
again you will notice that it contains much less than what is recommended in
the paper based format.


Online_learning_portfolio_in_LinkedInÂ 



Here's another more dynamic and impactful online learning portfolio from
another PG in AIIMS Delhi


Online_learning_portfolio_in_quora

Here you will notice that he has included a case presentation and even a useful
seminar answer to someone's query (which shows that his seminar can actually
have a wider impact among global users and readers of his portfolio.

He has off course included a lot of other content, which shall we just say is
not a part of his syllabus and that brings us to the important point that
Online portfolio based learning is not just bound by the narrow confines of a
university syllabus which is again one of the reasons some universities who are
way behind in creating academic impact will have little to do with it.

As PGs when we chose our profession we had a dream of making an impact and
reaching out to a wider audience. This impact can only happen if all of us who
are part of the medical college hospital based learning ecosystem strive to
improve together. In the beginning straddling two different tools could appear
daunting rather than a value addition but we must realize that this is not to
burden ourselves additionally but to actually lessen our burden. Any day and in
any way if you feel burdensome you can feel free to make an anonymous post and
share and we shall try to address that issue without being judgemental. The
online learning portfolio ecosystem affords us the luxury of both anonymity as
well as transparency.

Here's an online portfolio from one PG from our institution who has made it an
anonymous portfolio and we are perfectly fine with that as every individual has
a right to express him/herself in his/her own manner.

https://virtualmedicocases.blogspot.com/?m=1


The most important thing that differentiates a portfolio from a paper based log
book is that the portfolio brings out the personality of the individual and the
point here is that one can guage and admire an author's personality just
through his/her reflective writings even if one is unable to identify the
author.

Another learning portfolio from our PG with case presentations and her thesis
plan. This portfolio is not anonymous although there is no bio page yet.

http://keerthiereddy.blogspot.com/?m=1


Another learning portfolio from our PG which is all about her thesis and
details about her thesis cases. This can be very useful to obtain learning
inputs on your thesis on a case by case basis.

http://allabouthyponatremia.blogspot.com/?m=1

Here are Web logs of different procedural videos from our institution
demonstrating the procedural competencies of the individuals who are performing
them.

Bone marrow aspiration biopsy procedural competency video

https://youtu.be/MeozrO1Nkyk

Renal biopsy procedural competency video

https://youtu.be/PIwK30lbYi0


 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 5:26â€¯AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _â–ºÂ _ 2022 (44)
          o _â–ºÂ _ December (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ November (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ October (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ September (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ August (7)
          o _â–ºÂ _ July (6)
          o _â–ºÂ _ June (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ May (2)
          o _â–ºÂ _ April (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ March (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ February (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ January (5)
    * _â–ºÂ _ 2021 (92)
          o _â–ºÂ _ December (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ November (8)
          o _â–ºÂ _ October (4)
          o _â–ºÂ _ September (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ August (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ July (6)
          o _â–ºÂ _ June (21)
          o _â–ºÂ _ May (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ April (6)
          o _â–ºÂ _ March (16)
          o _â–ºÂ _ February (14)
          o _â–ºÂ _ January (1)
    * _â–¼Â _ 2020 (49)
          o _â–ºÂ _ December (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ November (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ October (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ September (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ August (2)
          o _â–ºÂ _ July (11)
          o _â–ºÂ _ June (5)
          o _â–¼Â _ May (16)
                # Three_patients_of_Hemiparesis:_Case_based_online_l...
                # Active_learning_around_ECG_of_a_middle_aged_man_wi...
                # Medicine_department_May_2020_attendance
                # re:_Formative_and_summative_end_posting_assessment...
                # re:_Case_based_online_learning_assignment_for_MBBS...
                # re:_Active_learning_session_on_global_CBBLE_for_30...
                # Paraparesis_Case_based_questions_and_conversationa...
                # Frequently_asked_questions_around_case_based_onlin...
                # Case_based_online_learning_assignment_for_8th_seme...
                # Integrating_Medical_education_and_practice:_Online...
                # A_medicine_PG_resident's_Web_log_book
                # A_medicine_intern's_Web_log_book
                # Web_log_driven_online_learning_portfolios_for_Dail...
                # re:_Final_university_MD_Medicine_summative_assessm...
                # Informed_Patient_Consent_and_Authorization
                # A_daily_pragmatic_learning_roster_as_per_MCI_summa...
          o _â–ºÂ _ February (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ January (4)
    * _â–ºÂ _ 2019 (2)
          o _â–ºÂ _ February (1)
          o _â–ºÂ _ January (1)
    * _â–ºÂ _ 2018 (3)
          o _â–ºÂ _ November (2)
          o _â–ºÂ _ January (1)
    * _â–ºÂ _ 2016 (14)
          o _â–ºÂ _ December (5)
          o _â–ºÂ _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

