














****** Medicine_Department ******
***** Thursday, June 17, 2021 *****


**** Conversational learning illustration in the context of national medical
integration ****


For more reading on conversational learning and user driven learning please
jump to the open access references at the bottom of this piece :


(Box 2) 
Quoted below are thoughts of an engineer that touches on Ayurveda particularly
in the context of National Medical Integration where an optimal strategy to
making connections between different ways of knowing and doing in healthcare
has become urgent :

"Those who have followed medical studies have either

1. Been driven by an intense desire to serve

Or

2. They have wanted to achieve a good standing in *science*

Those in the first category are already talking about *integrative medicine*.
They will decide in favor of whatever reduces the pain and suffering of their
patients. 

The other group of those who may be into medicine for a greater love of
science, will talk logic just from the perspective of their standpoint. They
may be naive about economics of pharma and awareness is a challenge there. But
they can be convinced to become *skeptical experimentalists* to *disprove* the
claims of Ayurveda. In doing so, either they will be venerated or stand
corrected. Either way humanity will win. 

For this second group to be enabled we need to translate Ayurveda into modern
language. _Vaat, pitt and kaph_ along with the _nadi_ intricacies need to be
stated in terms of modern science - as a measurable quantity. This is a place
for *engineering* to pitch in. The correlates may have better accuracy and
specificity than modern diagnostics. 

At the same time, it should be possible to interpret modern diagnostics in
terms of vaat, pitt, kaph and nadi. That way Ayurveda practitioners will be
able to more actively participate in *modern scientific* integrative medicine. 

Modern science has trained us into *reductionists*. We are *gnostic* in our
approach to nature. This, again IMHO, is the lacking factor that renders
psychology a dark pseudo science - it still adheres to what I will
differentially term as magical thinking and heresy. As far as physiological
medicine though, such reductionism does work quite successfully now. We need to
therefore *remove any apprehension of magic surrounding Ayurveda*.

On such a rational platform, even our second group of *science loving
physicians* will contribute. 

There is another group. That's not a group of physicians, engineers, Ayurveda
acharyas, or any other devoted workers. That's a group that worships money.
This group practices *econopathy* even if it fosters *idiopathy*. 

Unfortunately, this group finds strength in the edifices of capitalism and
capitalistic exploitation. Dealing with these people, whether they are in
allopathy, Ayush, or any other system - needs a willing leadership in both the
political and professional domains."

Response 1 

Nice.. Very  thoughtful.. Don't know about the fourth group of people.. But the
second group of people  that he talks about.. The need for engineers  to
translate the ideas of VAT pitta kapha.. May be possible in some way.. One
example  that comes from the top of my  head.. The nadi  gatis  have been
explained  in our shastras as hansa , sarpa...i. e.  The way a swan,  frog or
snake walks... That can be easily captured  in a device and correlated by an
engineer..
There must be ways by which gati signatures could be captured using some
devices and this in turn could be correlated with hansa Sarpa and Manduk Hari
where Sarpa gati is equal to vata  prakriti  etc.

Response 2:

It is impossible to translate Ayurveda terminology into Modern Medicine terms.
A fact to be noted that CCMB-CSIR-IGIB have done an extensive work on tridosha
theory of Ayurveda, and after analysing the constitution of around 100000
people and their gene mapping, they have concluded that there were three
patterns of gene sequence under which all the population can be included, which
could possibly be the reason behind the vata, pitta, kapha theory. But
practically speaking it has nothing to do with the clinical practice.
It's very unfortunate that none among the modern fraternity, including doctors
, scientists, researchers know that Ayurveda can never be explained in modern
terms, *atleast as of now*. For example, when modern medicine has touched peaks
in understanding human physiology and pharmacology, still the medical solutions
for Diabetes is a challenge. Either one has to take medication life long, else
switch to insulin etc. But we have personally *cured* many patients from
Diabetes, and they are having a complete healthy life without any medications
(including Ayurveda). This is something unimaginable, and as this didn't come
in any peer review journals, people can never know about this. There are many
such examples, just unpublished, where Ayurveda offers a permanent cure. 

The inability to explain the potential of Ayurveda in modern Research
framework, if is the criteria to blatantly reject Ayurveda, is an an insult to
science as such. This is the ground where I feel that integration shouldn't not
dilute the actual inherent scientific principles of Ayurveda, rather give a
stage to explain the cause effect mechanisms in its own language. May be after
that translational researchers, along with biologists, doctors and Ayurveda
fraternity can work together to find the link between systems physiology and
later the actual integration can happen. 

Just to cite an example, in case of respiratory conditions like asthma, we
study the different pathologies happening in bronchus, various allergic
responses, bronchospasms etc. But in Ayurveda it's a disease linked to
digestive tract (grossly speaking for a better understanding). So is the case
with migraine where we address the gastric disturbance. It's a undeniable fact
that after trying all the measures of modern medicine, patients finally land
into Ayurveda to find a cure. When in hands of a good clinician, they'll be
cured of the issue in no time.

So the basic understanding of human body, physiology and host responses vary a
lot. First we'll have to understand the missing link, then can join with
integration of streams.

Response 3:
Why do we need to translate ayurveda?? We need to define the terms in english
and let the doshas be in its original form.let the Ayurveda terms be there or
they will just be replaced by non scientific language. Its like trying to
simplify phd for a middle class student. We know sanskrit is more scientific
than english so whats the need to downgrade it, rather need to firm a bridge
and let them upgrade.

My personal belief- Ayurveda practitioners and other practitioners need to be
taught management of emergencies. Diet and lifestyle is best in ayurveda. Alll
can learn new investigations and procedures. And research /evidence generation
of this  integrative approach while its being practiced. All go together or we
will die and still  it wont get integrated
Nadi and dosha identification we all must learn, its interesting as i see my
..., she diagnoses quiet well . Even dream analysis of the patient they have.

So many orientation programs, we can add sanskrit as a language in first year
so all can read patanjali yog sutras, sushruta for themselves. Innovate
integrative projects eight from first year.

Response 4:

Very well put.
Each point is valid.

To dismiss off a system which has existed for so long may not be appropriate,I
guess no one even precisely know since when the system started.

But the problem is in  inadequate understanding and interpretation which has
happened after introduction of modern medicine.
So it might be worthwhile to integrate it after appropriately interpreting
whatever they are trying to convey by those terminologies which at this point
don't sound too good or appealing  to us.



Just as we don't understand their terms,they don't understand or agree with
ours.
Watched in one of Rajiv Malhotra's interview of an Ayurveda person this ,we
mean the same yet we don't.That needs to be sorted out.


And I have seen  people like Dr BRamamurthi,the pioneer neurosurgeon  have a n
Ayurveda research unit working on some projects.I trust the wisdom of these
people .

Response 5:

This is what I have been telling all along. Apni jokhon ... te chilen we used
to agree on most points except one. ...believed in homeopathy, ayurved or any
other form of medicine but Prof ... would always ask for evidence and rightly
so

Ami aj o biswas kori in homeopathy and ayurveda. I had gone through some of
their texts and it is wonderful. Where we fall behind is we without knowing it
deeply tend to remain in prejudice. 

Moving on the best allopathic centres in India have started to open departments
of homeopathy and ayurveda in conjunction with allopathy

I believe medicine would be far more advanced if people took up homeopathy and
ayurveda and researched it and put up those in public domain

My culmination would be when we can have evidence based medicine why not have
evidence based ayurveda and homeopathy
Do you think ayurveda will open up new frontiers in medicine?

Response 6:

It's a sad truth that our country being one of the oldest to introduce and use
many kinds of treatments and healing techniques, a greater percentage of people
deny due to lack of scientific research evidence. Most of the people who
believe in such techniques are considered as spiritual teachers rather than a
teacher integrating different fields of study. But I, being a Health
Psychologist, very strongly believe that integrated treatment is the best for
better prognosis. 

We all study western psychology, Medicine but currently there is increased
awareness and research on Indian Psychology that has its root way back in our
vedas and upanishads. I am not so aware of Medicine and its research in Indian
perspective. But, I Studied about Ayurveda during my masters in Indian
Psychology Course which was integrated in the curriculum because of my great
professors. Here is something i learned from their 
“The very first invocatory stanza of Ashtanga Hridaya (the main text in
Ayurveda, written in 4th century A.D.) describes how emotions lead to both
physical and mental diseases”
According to what I have learned so far Ayurveda focuses not just on the
physical aspects but also on the Psychosocial aspects of an individual which is
most required in the process of healing. I also agree about the difficulty with
terminology used in ayurveda, indian psychology and the meanings. We were lucky
to have a professor from philosophy who came to help us in understanding vata,
pita, athman, brahman and so many other things. To help people understand
research in that area knowing the words and their synonyms in medicine would be
very helpful.

I am lucky enough to have met and have been meeting lots of “type one”
professionals who inspire me because of which even though i am from psychology
background which is not considered as science by many due to lack of awareness,
I still joined to learn clinical hypnosis (which is neither considered science
nor believed or understood my many mental health professionals themselves,
again comes the role of creating awareness) to help patients/clients deal
better with the problems they have physically and mentally in scientific ways.
I am about to get my PGD in Clinical hypnosis and during this process I could
help my own self in healing from the ... or ... as my doctors call it.
Medicines did help me, but not just medicines is what I would say that
controlled my symptoms and distress. 
Many people do complain about the capitalist nature of treatments, but I think
it’s reasonable for the pressure professionals have in the process of investing
themselves in. Integrated treatment will take time and many visits which is not
friendly to those patients who can’t afford it and those who want immediate
results due to the collective conditioning that happened over the years. 

Response 7:

 There could be some exceptions in both the groups, even some people who desire
to serve, they dont accept integrative medicine. 
We can convince them through the evidence generated through integrative
medicine. 
But, finally either of their goal must be patient centered healthcare in which
patientcare should have a pivotal role.

 I think, this is the basic aim of most of the doctors, whether its allopathic
or ayurvedic.
Their Languages (Ayurveda, Allopathy, etc.) might be different, but the essence
or outcome could be the same.

More reading on conversational learning and user driven learning open access
links :

Bera, K., Seth, B., & Biswas, R. (2013). Conversational learning among medical
students: harnessing the power of web 2.0 through user driven
healthcare. Annals Of Neurosciences, 20(2).
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4117104/


Biswas, R., Sturmberg, J. P., & Martin, C. M. (2011). The User Driven Learning
Environment. In R. Biswas, & C. Martin (Eds.), User-Driven Healthcare and
Narrative Medicine: Utilizing Collaborative Social Networks and Technologies 
(pp. 229-241). doi:10.4018/978-1-60960-097-6.ch017
www.researchgate.net/publication/292652611_The_User_Driven_Learning_Environment



Please click on the link below to get back to the first layer of the chapter:

https://medicinedepartment.blogspot.com/2021/06/draft-3a-scholarship-of-
integration-and.html?m=1


 Posted by
 caregiver7careseeker    at
 8:42 AM
Email_ThisBlogThis!Share_to_TwitterShare_to_FacebookShare_to_Pinterest


*** No comments: ***
*** Post a Comment ***

 Newer_Post   Older_Post  Home
Subscribe to: Post_Comments_(Atom)

***** About Me *****
  caregiver7careseeker
View_my_complete_profile
***** Blog Archive *****
    * _► _ 2022 (44)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (5)
          o _► _ September (3)
          o _► _ August (7)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (2)
          o _► _ April (1)
          o _► _ March (3)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (5)
    * _▼ _ 2021 (92)
          o _► _ December (3)
          o _► _ November (8)
          o _► _ October (4)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (5)
          o _► _ July (6)
          o _▼ _ June (21)
                # E_log_book_and_online_assessment_FAQs_and_Q&A_conv...
                # Medicine_department_paper_for_June_2021_bimonthly...
                # Book_chapter_:_Scholarship_of_Integration_and_the_...
                # Introduction_to_evolution_of_human_language,_commu...
                # Making_connections_between_different_ways_of_knowi...
                # Evidence_based_medical_assessments_drive_student_l...
                # Peer_to_peer_review/assessment_of_Online_assignmen...
                # Scholarship_of_integration_driven_by_shared_Online...
                # Gradual_integration_of_traditional_with_competency...
                # Student_user_driven,_patient_centred_assessment_pr...
                # Working_prototype_of_a_scholarly_integration_of_me...
                # Evolution_of_a_model_for patient_centered,_scholar...
                # National_Medical_Integration_and_the_role_of_schol...
                # Pandemic_driven_acceleration_of_scholarly_integrat...
                # Failed_political_integration_attempts_at_different...
                # Individual_integration_of_different_roads_to_healing
                # Brief_:_Scholarship_of_integration_in_Medical_ed...
                # Introduction,_Draft_3_Scholarship_of_Integration_a...
                # Abstract_for_book_chapter_on_"Scholarship_of_Integ...
                # Conversational_learning_illustration_in_the_contex...
                # Part_1_Contextualizing_the_need_for_a_framework_to...
          o _► _ May (3)
          o _► _ April (6)
          o _► _ March (16)
          o _► _ February (14)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2020 (49)
          o _► _ December (1)
          o _► _ November (3)
          o _► _ October (1)
          o _► _ September (5)
          o _► _ August (2)
          o _► _ July (11)
          o _► _ June (5)
          o _► _ May (16)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (4)
    * _► _ 2019 (2)
          o _► _ February (1)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2018 (3)
          o _► _ November (2)
          o _► _ January (1)
    * _► _ 2016 (14)
          o _► _ December (5)
          o _► _ November (9)
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

